It's not like trying to summon a spirit.
You're summoning essentially technology
that has consciousness to it.
Well, that platform came into that craft
itself.
So, this thing was either anti-gravidic
itself and how it basically merged in
together.
Could this just be like an occult thing
that's been going on for hundreds of
years?
How do you think they learn?
They were actually two of the guys were
actually talking about either, hey,
should we smoke these guys right now?
You know, that's what they kept saying.
Do you think realistically pulling these
technologies from these black programs
and putting them into the hands of
people who don't know what the [__]
they're doing is a smart move?
James Allen, the documentary of Mark
McCandish and the Flex Liner story, he
was diagnosed and dead of an aggressive
form of cancer in about 3 weeks.
Yeah, the UFO stuff's cool cuz they fly.
the medical [__] the stuff that we
could also do with this technology is
going to be far more advanced.
I'm here with Michael Herrera and I
couldn't be more excited to talk to you.
This has been a long time coming. You
were a former Marine, correct? who
experienced something just really
fascinating in 2009 in Indonesia in the
jungle and uh it involves craft that
prosaically is not understood as far as
how it works and uh and also seemingly
special forces. We don't know if it was
special forces. you don't describe them
definitely as special forces, but a team
with prowess and wherewithal as far as
the machinery they're using and how
smooth they're operating that also seems
like at another level and they're kind
of apprehending you when you see this
craft. And so I'm very excited to talk
to you. I know it took a lot of courage
uh for you to speak out. And then we
have Sammy UAP Gerb as well here, uh,
who's a legend, has an amazing channel,
goes as deep as anybody when it comes to
actual legacy operations from like a
core detail, uh, way, just just the
facts. And, uh, so very excited to have
you, man. And you, you guys have done a
great show together, too. And if you
guys want like very low-level details as
to what went down, drawings, pictures,
illustrations, extremely detailed, you
know, uh, uh, accounts, uh, go to your
channel because you have you have some
great stuff with Michael. So, It's very
thorough, which is something that's very
rare,
especially in this space. It's extremely
rare.
Correct. Correct. And that's kind of the
thing why it made easier to talk to you
because you were actually able to
connect the dots and see and compare
notes basically to what you've
experienced with other talking to other
people. I mean, your story had been
floating around for a while and people
were pretty dismissive of it until, you
know, our our mutual friend Joey is not
my name started to uh reach out to you
and speak to you and he got me in
contact with you and you were able to
provide quite a bit of interesting
information including, you know, direct
evidence from yourself and Joey that you
met up with a who you referred to at the
time as an insider.
Yep.
Who now turned out to be Jake Barber.
Correct. And that was the thing that I
was kind of weirded out about.
So in 2023 when I testified um with the
National Press Club um obviously I got
in touch with the Greer um actually in
2018. So I went to an event that he had
in Boulder, Colorado,
and uh listened to his lecture, things
like that. I was saying 2017 because the
ex I was with at the time I met her in
2017. But then I was like, okay. And
then I started thinking because there's
been some people on Twitter it was like
no it's 2018 because one of the
volunteers was there. So I was like okay
so it is really 2018 and uh I had uh
listened to his lecture and then I ended
up going up to he was doing a book
signing so I went and got a book because
that was the only way to get in front of
him at the time when he was doing book
signings. He doesn't do that anymore
because
people can get very crazy. I've seen it
firsthand. It's a little hysterical but
you know this this subject brings a very
interesting crowd with it which is
something I don't relate to as
whatsoever but I mean to who of their
own so I had uh told him you know hey u
you know I'm a former marine you know I
had witnessed something such as like a
drug running operation using this kind
of technology do you know anything about
that so I was trying to get his
attention he was kind of like yeah I've
heard a lot but then when I said that he
like told everybody to shut up and he
stood up and handed me his card and he
was like, "Don't tell anybody this
information. Don't relate to anybody.
Just keep it between us. Contact me when
you're ready." And then when uh he did
the first episode of Sean Ryan um is
when basically he was talking about the
whistleblower protections and going
through the system to basically go
through that route. So I was like, you
know what, that might be time to
actually pull a trigger on this and see
what can come of it.
This is the Gallagher amendment around
whistleblower national defense
authorization. as part of the national
defense authorization
and that was of 20 coming into 2023 I
think is when they passed that and then
there was some rendition of which we
were trying to do 2024 with the whole
amnesty period for 6 months and then
obviously imminent domain with some of
these technologies and assets that these
black sides have. So, um, when I
approached I I got in talk in touch with
Greer again.
Mhm.
Uh, called I sent him an email said, "I
don't know if you remember me." And he
goes, "I know exactly and I remember
exactly who you are."
Which was weird. So, um, he gave me his
phone number. So, I called him. We
basically talked for about an hour. Just
kind of went through what I've already
discussed publicly,
which was essentially that we were a
part of 31st Marine Expeditionary Unit
that was tasked out to basically respond
to a humanitarian assistance operation
out in the Philippines. which was
Operation Katsana. And then what ended
up happening was we were the only ship
which was the USS Denver that routed out
to the western part of Sumatra in
Indonesia and which was a little weird
but you know of course I've never been
on a mission before that point so that
was kind of the first one for me.
Why were you guys rerouted?
It was the only ship but that was the
orders we were given. I don't know
specifically why. Um there was
speculation and then when we actually
got briefed at the in the ward room that
there was some Obama's family members
that were there. So they had some SEAL
team that was going to be there to
retrieve those people if need be.
That's interesting cuz Obama lived there
from age 6 to 10 I believe with his mom
or something. Yeah. And so there were
some relatives and they were going to
get them out because what happens in
that part of the world is when there's a
natural disaster happens usually these
terrorist organizations or these
insurgent groups will typically try to
take over that area and inflict harm,
chaos, ransom. I mean whatever they do
and uh so they were afraid of that. So
that's why they sent a reactionary force
to basically go cord the area off and
then go deal with that which we didn't
do too much of that. All we basically
did was try to provide security for an
LZ so that way they can keep, you know,
we can keep if there were people there,
which would this particular LZ didn't
have anybody there, which was weird.
For the audience, what's an LZ?
Landing landing zone. It's more like a
hasty LZ. So hasty LZ means it's a hasty
landing zone. So it's something that
wasn't like prepared ahead of time like
we're going to plot here and this is
where we're going to go. It's just like
here's the clearing. This is where
they're going to land. At least that's
how it felt.
Pilots can probably attest to something
different. I don't know. And then uh
basically that's when we
disembarked the helicopter. And for us
it's like okay you're going to have the
tactical advantage take the high ground.
So that's what we decided to do. And I
wasn't the one who was in charge of all
this you know. So there was weird to not
have the comms because everybody's
talking about that.
Yep.
I was not the one to set up. Maybe the
squad leader or whoever was in charge at
that point had something.
You guys had no comms, no signal.
No. I don't remember anybody having
that. We could have had a little radio
or something that the the sergeant that
was there at the time
sent into the jungle alone basically
with your with your unit.
Correct. You know, so it's like a a fire
team plus two, you know, so six guys and
uh so we end up, you know, seeing this
craft which
that's amazing. Who made this?
So there's a I was actually looking for
other accounts of octagonal craft that
people may have seen. So, I did a quick
Google search, came across this on Etsy,
and uh so some I can't remember the
gentleman's name, but I end up getting
in touch with him and told him who I
was. So, he sent me two of these. One, I
signed for him and sent it back to him
so he can have that and two because he,
you know, he hooked me up with two
models. And
but did he make that to spec or he had
already built that and
No, he he made this to spec. So, this
was after the fact of what I came
forward with, but this essentially is
what we saw. Wow.
So, um
it almost looks like a like a fractal
like you have like uh you know kind of
an accentuated version of the eightgon
or octagon shape on top that's like a
pyramid and then you have like a lesser
you know a less concave version in the
in the middle and then like an even less
you know more kind of spread out. And
this is off from memory because what
people, you know, yes, this was like a
very matte black, but then it was also
transitioning like a light matte gray.
And I don't know if we were going down
this hill and we could still kind of see
it and maybe sun was hitting it to an
extent or I don't know, but it was
basically like it was changing colors,
but these this panel right here,
whatever these are, were basically the
very vanta black, which was the blackest
I've ever seen anything. There's like
light could get absorbed into this
almost like a like a like a black hole
or something.
Kind of. That's the only way I can
describe it.
Or Van Vantablack is this car, this BMW
car,
the paint that they did that it
basically absorbs light. It's very crazy
stuff. So that's what that reminded me
of. But um you know, I estimated that
this thing was probably about 300 ft.
And when we end up getting into this
clearing is basically when we were
intercepted by this force, you know. So
Arrow put out a report that was
completely false because I didn't say it
was US special operations. That never
came out of my mouth. What I
hypothesized is that they were at some
point because the tactics they used,
they already had to drop on us by the
time we even noticed them. So yeah, you
got, you know, armchair generals out
there who said, "Oh yeah, I wouldn't
have done that. I would have fired on
him." It's like, "Yeah, good luck with
that, but get pulled over by a cop and
have a have a weapon and see how fast
you can reach while he's already got his
drawn on him. We'll see how well that
works for you."
Yeah.
You know, FFO.
You and your fellow Marines, you did not
have rounds chambered.
No, we did not. when you were
encountered in like a pinser formation.
We were in condition three. So all we
had was a magazine insert. So all you
have to do is hit the charging handle to
chamber around. But if we're sitting
there patrolling because this is the
funny thing is there's a lot of optics
that are played in stuff like this,
right? So it's not like yeah you're
wanting to use this. Now granted
[snorts] Indonesia is the second largest
terrorist capital in the world, but it
doesn't necessarily mean that you're
going to encounter any kind of
bad guys, which we really didn't
encounter that. And for these operators
who we encountered, who's to say that
they're really bad?
Because the difference is is if some if
we were to do an operation ourselves and
we had people we had no idea that were
armed coming up to us, I'm pretty sure
we'd react in the same way, especially
if there's something that's going on
that we either need to protect people,
protect assets, or something going on,
we're not going to have the same kind of
welcoming like, "Yeah, go ahead and take
a look, guys."
You know, before we speculate on what
was going on there, just the core
details, how long did you get a clean
shot? like a look at that craft
uh several times. Um because while we're
being held up at gunpoint, which these
guys are at standoff distance, it's not
like they're sitting there pointing a
muzzle right at your face like this
close cuz you know that's only Hollywood
that does that and these guys are smart
enough just like in the military you're
going to be at a standoff distance so
nobody can get the advance advantage of
you trying to disarm you whatever it
might be. So um but frequently dealing
with these guys and dealing with that
craft it's just going back and forth.
So, like how long is this process where
you Yeah. have a clean look at the the
craft? Is it like It's minutes. It's not
It's minutes.
Okay. Wow.
It's nothing like substantially long.
Yeah.
It's just enough because like I said,
these trucks were coming up.
Yeah.
Which were either Tundras or F350s. More
than likely, they're probably Tundras,
but the only thing I could make out was
that it was some sort of heavy duty
truck that was built on that some sort
of chassis that was big enough to pull
these containers.
And how close are you to the craft while
you're being apprehended? maybe 150 300
m if that because the the way like this
clearing was pretty big but this craft
was enormous
and there was because even in the
rendition there's like a platform below
the craft correct and do you have any
like first intuitions as to what that
served as the platform versus the
platform came into that craft itself it
lifted off the ground now when you're
looking at it like this I mean of course
then you can see that there's like a
metal pole there to basically hold this
up up top but there is no metal pull or
nothing to support that. Right. So, this
thing was either anti-gravidic itself
and how it basically merged in together.
Wow.
So, it's something like it's very like a
there's air force cargo planes that
basically detach the fuselage so that
way they can just roll the plane off,
load up everything, load it, and then
just take off.
I'm hyp I can't even speak today. I'm
hypothesizing that that might be the
same kind of concept, just something
very quick. They just load up, get
whatever they want, and get the hell out
of there.
And so these guys apprehend you and what
sort of equipment do they have? Do they
say anything?
So they're they're obviously talking
about they want to smoke us or what
should we do with these guys? They're
making threats. We can get lost out
here. We can, you know, take you
anywhere pretty much. We can kill you.
Should we shoot these guys? You know,
like it it it's going back and forth and
it was only just two of them talking
with this. But you could tell by their
dialects that they were American. You
can tell by their facial expressions
that they were, you know, they were
serious people. How many are they versus
how many are you?
So there's six of us and there are eight
of them.
Okay.
And they, like I said, they were split
off. So when they kind of approached us
when we were going down in a tactical
column, they were four and four on each
side. So they basically almost have what
they call a nosebleleed. So they
basically had sectors of fire like this
on. So for them to fire upon us is not
going to take as many rounds because
they could just hit us instantaneously.
So these guys knew what the hell they
were doing. And uh that was interesting,
you know, having thought about at least
what these guys' backgrounds could be.
Then Jake comes forward, which is
interesting, especially his background
and his people, you know. So very good
guys, by the way. But these guys in
particular, I mean, it's they were so
fluid and so smooth. It's like they've
done this several times. It's just
protocol. They just know it so well. It
was just very fluid.
Hey guys, I want to tell you about my
new favorite piece of apparel. These are
called the perfect jeans. They're
literally the perfect jeans. I used to
wear jeans all the time and they're kind
of rough and not super stretchy or
breathable. These are extremely
comfortable. They work in casual
environments. They work in work
settings. They come in six different
sizes from 26 in to 50 in. And they're
all around just amazing. For a limited
time, our listeners get 15% off your
first order, plus free shipping at the
perfect gene.nyc.
Again, that's the perfect gene.nyc
or just Google the perfect gene. Use
code jessie15 for that 15% off. Again,
that's code jesse15.
That's 15% off for new customers at the
perfect gene.nyc.
After purchase, they'll ask where you
heard about them. Please support our
show and tell them that we sent you.
[__] your khakis. Get the perfect jean.
So when they apprehend us, they
basically take our weapons from us and
they're just taking the magazines out.
They're checking to make sure there's
nothing racked in there, which there
wasn't. I think they may have said
something about that, too. And um
because there's no way if they would
have engaged us and we have to raise our
weapon up and it's not chambered. Well,
yeah, you're going to have to rack
around into the chamber and then flip it
off safe and fire while they already
have their safe. You could hear them
flip them off and then basically just
they could have got us.
You heard the safeties flip off?
Oh, yeah.
Wow. And did they have any other um
equipment?
They had uh something that was like a a
biometrics. It's like a bat system
because that's something that we were
kind of taught a little bit on how to
track people. see biometrics tracking
and uh so when insurgents were having
this used on them that takes
fingerprints, it takes pictures and all
that kind of stuff. They had something
very similar to that. And then they had
like a um
did they take photos or or fingerprints?
They were trying to take So they took
our CAT cards out of our our pockets
which we always have our CAT cards in
our left breast pocket. And so when they
took that out, they were trying to scan
them and I don't know if it didn't work
or whatever, but they were getting
frustrated with it. And then this is
when they took out another device that
looked like a, you know, modern day
smartphone, very thin. And then I've had
people that were formerly of the CIA
tell me that these are CavCom devices
that they use. And that's basically what
they were able to translate and get that
information to whoever had it
cuz they knew who we were after that
point because they had our IDs, had our
names, they had our ranks, everything.
So, as that's going on, they're
searching us down, you know, which I had
uh before making that truck down the
hill, I had a little Panasonic camera
that I actually took pictures of this
thing with from a top view, at least
because there's some parts of it that
were obscured because of vegetation. And
I also had pictures of the helicopter,
you know, like one of them was, you
know, when we're on the ship and, you
know, I had all these photos that I
took, you know, even out of town and all
that. And um they didn't find it in my
dump pouch, which was good cuz then the
whole time I'm thinking like I got
something that can [__] prove this.
It's not just [__] hearsay, right?
And uh so
what did you have that could prove it?
The pictures and and that was in your
pouch.
That was in my pouch. And they never
searched that pouch.
Wow.
So I was a saw gunner by trade. So
that's what we always had was, you know,
everybody has a pouch, but typically I
just had like um drum mag pouches
instead of a regular M16 or M4 magazine
pouches, which I had a magazine pouch
right here just in case we had to use
magazines for the saw because it could
take both belt fed with magazines. So as
they're going through us, they're
basically searching us up and down, and
then they're basically just threatening
us again, just kind of roughing us up a
little bit. And then that's when the
trucks started coming because yeah, I'm
paying attention to these guys that are
doing this stuff to us and then all of a
sudden I'm paying attention to these
trucks that we start seeing pull up and
they have these trailers on the back
that have this HVAC system
on the top.
So that was the suspicion I had that it
was drugs because some of the heavy
equipment industry that I do deal with
um they have containers that do that
for like um vegetation or for like food
or for equipment that needs to be
chilled, whatever it might be. So I'm
like, "Okay, I think it's drugs.
So they drove drive these trucks onto
this platform here which is you can see
like when the trucks were going up that
it was getting the trucks were getting
smaller which was able to kind of gauge
the size a little bit and then they were
loading it on. I mean I don't see how
they I didn't see how they actually took
the
trailers off drove onto the platform
that like seemingly levitates up make
any noise. It didn't make any noise. You
said it makes like almost like a bass
hum
like a hum the whole thing itself did
the whole time and it's something that's
so different that if somebody was to
recreate it accurately like Joey kind of
did the same thing which is very
similar.
Correct. And it was something like that
cuz it wasn't a traditional propulsion
system by any means. It's not like a
rotor inside something.
And so you got photos of the crown.
Yes, I did. I took video and photo when
we were on top of that hill is when I
took photos of this thing and it was
obscured by some vegetation. And that's
what caught our eye because it was
something that was very abstract from
the rest of the environment is changing
colors. It's like is it a building? What
the what the hell's going on? That
wasn't the one who made the decision to
go down there to go find out.
And when you were on top of the hill,
you couldn't see the trucks or the
operators. Couldn't see people
because like I said, it's very dense
jungle, very thick vegetation. There's
some clearings of course there's some
what I could remember at least, you
know, which mainly was a vegetation. I
can't tell you if there's mountains or
hills or anything, which I remember
there being hills of course when we were
flying. it could kind of peek out. But,
um, other than that, I don't know
exactly where we went or or where we
landed to or anything like that. And I
know there's been people that have been
trying that have asked for help to see
if they could find the LZ's, and to no
avail, they can't because there's no
information on them.
And the F350s or Tundras or whatever
these trucks are, they're attached to
it's like containers with H.
Yeah. Yeah.
What do the containers look like?
So, it's like a kind of like a shipping
container a little bit, but a little bit
more reinforced if you want to call it
that.
Okay. And um that and that's what I
hypothesized it was drugs. It was just
like you know and so it also had things
that are like pelican casings on the
back of the actual truck beds
themselves. So there could be weapons,
there could be other things in those
things cuz they're very airtight and
they seal up from moisture pretty well.
So it keeps everything dry. So yeah, it
could have been weapons, it could have
been anything, but we mainly would put
weapons in those. So I'm assuming they
did the same thing, too.
Yep. And uh so when we saw the last
trucks go up is basically when this
whole thing happened with the platform
raising up and then the craft lowered
itself and then it went over the tree
line cuz it was right in it was like
literally on the ground or not on the
ground but it was hovering on the ground
but it was low enough that it was
actually lower than the treetops.
So this thing rose up past the treetops
and then it shot off to the left. But
prior to doing that because it's
rotating and it was rotating in a uh
clockwise motion. So you can start
seeing these lights appear on the very
corners of this thing which were red,
yellow, green, and blue is the only
things I remember seeing.
And then this thing just shut off and it
was just like a black blur.
So extremely fast.
Extremely fast. Fast enough that
obviously it for some reason did not
disturb the vegetation around it. There
was coconuts in these trees that could
have easily fallen off with rotor wash
or exhaust wash from low-flying
aircraft. That didn't happen. And
obviously it didn't make a sonic boom
either because of how fast this thing
flew off.
Wow.
But it was just like a black blur.
That's incred. I mean any estimates on
speed or is that just really hard?
I mean several thousand miles an hour.
I've never seen anything fast like that.
I wanted to be a fighter pilot too. So
you know I know what aircraft and how
they move and I can tell you all the
armament that can go on these things and
this was never something that I ever
would think I would ever experience.
Did it shoot off inland or towards the
ocean? towards the ocean
and any sort of uh ruffling of the
treetops or like
so like it almost like felt like it was
it was almost like in his own set like
it own environment
nothing that could react to what our
environment was
and so this is important I think to tell
the audience like
ETSs are never mentioned in the context
of the the core details of this story
have nothing to do with
extraterrestrials
and did you did did you have a first
instinct on whether this was made or not
of this earth or
two things. Well, prior to that, I
didn't believe in the subject and I
ridiculed the hell out of people for it.
Mhm.
It was like you guys are [__] crazy.
Like they make movies great, you know?
Of course, the movies they come out are
all [__] terrifying and [__] So,
it's like you can imagine a xenomorph if
that exists and what it would do here.
Yeah.
You know, like um or The Thing from John
Carpenters. I mean, something like that.
I mean, that [__] that [__] [laughter]
But you know,
did you ever encounter it in military
context before this where like Yeah.
Okay. So like literally no zero context.
Zero context. And it was one of those
things. So I didn't believe in it. I
never saw anything like that.
Did you ever suspect we had aviation
technology that
I've heard about it like like the Aurora
for example, which was something that
was hypothesized which is very
interesting. Yeah.
But it's just like spy planes like that
but nothing anti-gravidic or anything.
Yeah. And then, you know, so
that day confirmed that we had this
technology because it was man-made. You
could clearly tell it was man-made. It
wasn't like ET. And then some of the
stuff I've seen, you know, recently with
ET craft photos or, you know, even doing
C5 with Greer and a couple of other
people, you can kind of see that it was
nothing you could really describe. It
was just like an orb or was just like
something like a very bright light, but
it was very pure. wasn't like a drone
where you could see like, you know,
blinking lights or nothing, but it was
just a very very pure light.
I think that's extremely important for
the audience as well where like the E
whatever the ET stuff and we don't even
know if that's extraterrestrial, but it
doesn't seem to be like prosaic nuts and
bolts like we're building.
No, it's not.
That stuff I don't know. It looks at
most like a plasma orb if you had to
like, you know, compare it to something
that is man-made. And it's often
extremely ephemeral, weakly entangled
with that. Maybe there is some sort of
sensor pickup. But
things like this where you see a thing
sort of hovering there, fly off, people
interacting with it. I mean, that seems
mostly if the man-made were
Why would ET be trying to help out these
guys out of anybody? You know, that's
that's kind of the thing that I that I,
you know, repeatedly say because it's
like, no, 100% it was man-made, right?
we based off of that I can confidently
tell you and I know for a fact recently
you know throughout the last almost two
years I know for a fact we have you know
reverse engineered technologies um and
that's where the big secret is is
because they don't want people to know
that because then they have to explain
to the whole world and why we're still
on fossil fuels why are we still having
to depend on oil and gas for our
vehicles or even medical technology
being as it could be further advanced
you know which I've been exposed to and
uh everybody gets confused to think that
Jake's team has access to this
technology. It's like, no, this was
somebody else that was in the programs
that was on a geneticist level that was
dealing with this kind of stuff that has
this technology.
I'm even hearing this cuz I've heard you
on a couple of podcasts, Gerbs and and
Sean Ryan's and I I think maybe the most
overlooked detail is the mission itself.
It feels weird.
It does.
It's like, okay, Obama's family is
mentioned.
You don't have comms. Yep.
Do you ever think you were sort of set
up or there was something around the
mission itself that was a little
I mean it's it could be entirely
possible. I don't know. I wasn't in
planning this mission or planning
anything like that. I don't know. It's
very odd and it's very weird. It's not
typical. But then again, this is the
first experience of going on a first
mission by, you know, since I was
freshly in at that time. So that was the
first mission I ever did. So it's like,
okay, it's kind of like
just put together really quick, you
know?
Yeah. That's what it felt like.
Cuz I think this is important to touch
on too. This wasn't with your normal
fire team.
No, it was not.
Your squad leader, your fire team leader
has spoken out against you before
public, but this wasn't with your team.
No, it was not.
And this wasn't a special mission.
No, there's no secret mission with this.
This is basically almost like a working
party. It was good because we just
wanted to get off the ship.
Y
and that's all it resulted. So yeah, if
we do LZ security loading up boxes,
well, yeah, it's better than being
cramped up on a ship. Do you ever think
because later Jake Barber backneled with
you and I think he dealt with the
transport of highv value targets. He
did.
And so do you ever think that maybe this
actually had something to do with
Obama's Indonesian long-lost family and
they were actually being transported on
these uh containers?
I don't I I don't think so because when
So now that everybody understands the
mission and at least with what we
encountered now I can kind of go into
talk about how I met Jake. Yeah.
Okay. But real quick before we get into
this, what happened to the photos?
Okay, so good question. [laughter]
So what happened was we end up going
back to Subi Bay after that whole, you
know, the mission. We end up getting
shipped going back to the Philippines.
Basically regrouping for the rest of the
fleet.
We pull into Subic Bay. So we have like
I think four or five days of liberty
there.
So I had my camera so you know which
these guys also had their phones which I
don't think they took them with them.
They may have. I don't remember. But I
had my locker secured when we were going
out into town and we were supposed to
report back, excuse me, at night time,
right before, you know, I think 10:00 is
when we had a B or 11:00, I can't
remember. But um end up going back that
night, the first night we were out. And
then I go into my locker and uh so of
course there's nothing there's the
camera's not in there. And I look at my
rack and then there it is cuz I had the
top rack and uh there it is. And the
battery is missing and the memory card
is missing. So, I had another battery in
my locker. So, I went and got that,
popped it in, tried to turn it on, and
it wouldn't work. So, I threw it away.
The other guys that were with me were
missing their phones and some other
stuff that they had. And that's still
remember what I can remember, at least
with one of the guys was there. But, um,
that was very weird because who else
would have access to that? And the lock
was not broken. M.
So I don't know how they jimmied open
that locker with that lock on it unless
they popped it somehow and took that
camera out because that camera was
secured and then they get back and there
it is just completely, you know,
disheveled and you can't turn it on. It
doesn't work anymore. So there goes the
the evidence of that. So somebody knew
what was going on. And then obviously
this Air Force lieutenant colonel if
that's really who it was. But as
somebody is, you know, they had an Air
Force dress blue uniform with ribbons, a
shitload of them. They had um jump
wings. They didn't have no pilot badge
or nothing like that. Then they had
Lieutenant Colonel Insignia, which is a
silver oakleaf. And uh he was at the CP
and basically threatened me.
What's CP for the Audi?
Control point or command post. Sorry,
not control point. So it's a command
post. And uh this was back when we were
in
Camp Hansen.
And so there was nobody there.
So this is back state side in
No, no, no. This was in Japan or
Okinawa. Okinawa, which is Japan, but
still.
So um when that happened, so it happened
to all of us, but it wasn't at the same
time. And that's basically when he had
made us sign an NDA saying you weren't
going to talk about this. The only
things I remember on it was TSSCI and
Indonesia were the only things. I
remember putting my social security
number on there. I remember putting my
first and last name or middle name too.
And then um he told me flat out that if
you talk about this, you can go to
prison or you can be executed over it.
Fellow alchemists, it's a new year and
that means it's time to get organized
and take control of our financial
wellness. [music]
For me, Rocket Money has been an
absolute gamecher. It helped me uncover
all sorts of subscriptions I totally
forgot about, like a few I had no idea I
was paying for months after I stopped
using the services. [music] With Rocket
Money, I canceled these in just a few
clicks, saving money instantly. Rocket
Money is a personal finance app that
helps find and cancel your unwanted
subscriptions, [music]
monitors your spending, and helps lower
your bills so you can grow your savings.
Seeing all your subscriptions in one
place is such a relief. You know exactly
where your money is going. For the ones
you don't want anymore, Rocket Money can
help you cancel [music] them. No awkward
phone calls, no hassle, just savings.
Rocket Money also gives you a clear view
of your expenses across all your
accounts. You can create personalized
budgets, track your monthly spending
[music] trends, and even set goals to
save automatically for big purchases,
paying off debt, or just building your
savings. It makes staying on top of your
finances [music] easy and stressfree.
Rocket Money has over 5 million users
and has [music] saved a total of 500
million in canceled subscriptions,
saving members up to $740 a year when
using all of the app's premium [music]
features. Cancel your unwanted
subscriptions and reach your financial
goals faster with RocketMoney. Go to
rocketmoney.com/jesse
today. That's rocketmoney.com/jesse.
So it was it was a scare tactic because
the thing is is even people in the
government I talked to on this Senate
Armed Services for example, there's no
protocols that would allow for something
like that to happen unless you were
working on a program.
So I don't know whether this was just a
scare tactic to basically just say, "Hey
guys, we haven't forgot about you."
Also, for the audience's sake, I do
think it's important to say uh you
haven't made any money off of coming out
with this story. And in fact, I know
this about you and I know you know this
GB, too. you have a pretty successful
business out here in Colorado.
Multiple companies.
Yeah, multiple companies. And so, if
anything, you're sort of losing money.
I mean, I don't know. I've had, you
know, I I have Rolexes. That's one thing
I collect. That's another business that
I do with, you know, obtaining watches
and trading them up or selling them. You
know, it's a good side hustle if you can
find the right buyers, of course. But,
you know, it's one of those things that
I have to grind to make money and the
best way I do is with my companies. You
know, this doesn't I'm not getting paid
to be here today. I don't get paid for
interviews. is I don't get paid to go
have meetings at Cap Hill or anything
like that. I sure as hell don't get paid
to go attend Griers events to either,
you know, speak at some of them because
something may be valuable. And that's
kind of the thing that, you know,
I wish I was making more money because
who the hell wouldn't want to make more
money, but this isn't a path to do it.
So,
the thing that I tell people is just
like, you know, you'll know people by
their deeds.
Yeah.
You know people based off their actions
and what they do. And what I'm trying to
do is basically solve this problem we've
got. I remember hearing your story
around that National Press Club event
and my first reaction is this is the
weirdest of all the testimonies and so I
didn't know what to make of it and then
my second like meta reaction is like
maybe it's the most likely to be legit
because it is so not like a script you
would write like it's so weird it is
and it's there's so many loose ends
where uh of course you're signing up to
get accused of all sorts of [__] you
know by just telling the story
of who are going through this get
accused of it. It's nothing new. I don't
pay attention to it. I don't care what
anybody says.
Yeah.
Doesn't do anything. They're not paying
my bills. I mean, this is the problem
with people these days is they put too
much validation into people who
realistically hate to say it this way,
but don't matter. Why am I going to care
what a cab driver or a bouncer or some
random person walking down the street
that I have no idea exists until just
seeing them? Why Why am I going to put
more emphasis on what they care about?
Or because somebody says something on
Twitter who is hiding behind a ghost
account? like I'm not going to put
effort into that. I put effort into what
I'm doing as best as I can, which
business is my first thing.
That's my livelihood. That's how I make
money. And I've lost I've lost
contracts. I've lost business because
I've came forward. So if anything, it
has hurt me.
Yeah. So you come back to the US and
this is what 2009 2010
2009 rough or Yeah. So
probably 2009 and then yeah getting back
probably 2010 early. How long do you
stay silent on the topic and what
convinces you to go public?
So, at the time, like I talked about
meeting Greer in 2018, I kind of hinted
around that my ex I was with at the
time, I told her a little bit of the
reason why I was wanting to approach
Greer
and then so she kind of heard a little
bit of it, but then when I came forward
fully um through Greer's press club or
press club event, but also he had a
two-day event before that, too. This is
where Jake was basically where I'd met
Jake, but I didn't know it was him,
if that makes sense. He introduced
himself, but I had no idea it was this
gentleman
and uh so he I mean he's you know,
so that was the first time you had ever
come out was this National Press Club
event with Greer and you can add color
to this as well because I know you know
know a lot about Steven Greer. Um he had
held a similar National Press Club event
like two decades earlier or something.
Yeah, this was in 2001 and he hosted a
panel of whistleblowers and it's a
excellent video. Um, I'll draw attention
to Mark McCandish and the alien
reproduction vehicle flux liner we
talked about. It featured individuals
such as I think Donna Hair uh from NASA
who talked about NASA scrubbing UAP
photos and he also had an accompanying
2001 disclosure briefing document which
is an excellent piece and features so
much whistleblower testimony. So this
was kind of the first time he did a
symposium like that since 01.
And just also broadly Steven Greer was
the guy over the last three decades if
you were going to come out and say
anything on this topic. He was kind of
the only game in town in many ways. And
there are other researchers that you
like to talk about, Bill Hamilton and
others prior to Greer who've set a lot
of the foundation for what he talks
about. Yeah.
But he was kind of the guy for somebody
like Michael and his, you know, with his
experience to come to. Not only that,
but there was a long period of time,
which may continue today, where
researchers give Greer witnesses.
And so researchers say, "These are
witnesses. This is their name, number,
and background."
And one example is Bill Hamilton giving
primary witness um Brad S to Greer back
in 97.
So he's doing a more modern version of
this National Press Club event. You're
speaking at this event. Jake Barber,
who's recently come out um again this
Air Force vet who uh claimed firsthand
retrieval is there, but he's there
trying to infiltrate Greer on behalf of
Legacy UFO programs. And so what what
happens?
Well, you know, so it's interesting. So
I wake up to this message from Greer one
morning and he sent it to me like 2:00
in the morning because he stays up
pretty late. you know, he tries to be he
lives in obviously the east coast and
then he's like lives off a west coast
time which is odd but that's his
schedule. So I I I go to bed pretty
early when I don't have anything
pressing because I like to get my rest
and then the next day I mean my days are
usually crazy as it is. But um so I wake
up this message and it's literally hey
this gentleman you know I'm not going to
say the alias that he was using um
because I don't want that to be out
because then all of a sudden it'll just
could create problems. If Jake wants to
speak about that then Jake can speak
about it on his own accord but I don't
want to put anything in front of him
that he doesn't need to be concerned
with. So he says this gentleman uh knows
what you saw but here's his contact
information. Get a hold of them when you
can. So I'm like, "Oh shit."
So I sit on that for like a day and a
half. I'm just thinking like, "What
should I do? Should I just blow it off
or so I get in touch with him." So I
call him, no voicemail can be sent or
anything like that. Send him a text
message. So all of a sudden he kind of
goes off of a little bit in detail,
wanted me to come out west to uh meet
with him face to face and he can explain
what it is that I saw, what he knows
about it. I said I'll take my ser my
security into consideration so cuz we
got picked I got picked up in a armored
vehicle which was pretty badass. And
this was after you had met him at the
National Press Club after you had given
your
state. I I had intro I was introduced to
him but I wasn't in introduced to him as
the guy who knew what I what
so you had met him but you didn't
connect the dots that that was this guy
he didn't Yeah.
who Greer was talking about who knew a
little bit more about what you had
experienced. Correct. Okay. Got it.
So um you know the thing
do you remember that interaction though
at the national like I told him a little
bit what I do business-wise and all
that. So, he was kind of asking me
questions, but you know, he he looked
like I mean, because everybody's seen
what he looks like when he wears his
glasses and he's wearing like this
suit jacket and the kind of stuff like
that. He kind of looked like a geek a
little bit, you know what I mean?
So, it's like, okay, this, you know,
this guy's just probably something that
with this, but
here's a former tier one operator
that's, you know, a badass guy that
I mean, I wouldn't double cross that
guy. He's just the guy's a him and his
team are very good people, very good
guys.
So, um, so he talks about the security
aspect of it, which they'll pick me up
in an armored vehicle, which was pretty
cool
and, uh, so we were trying to negotiate
when I can fly out. So, we got a time
scheduled. So, I end up booking the
flights and telling them this is when
I'll arrive and you know, basically tell
asking him where should I fly in and
where do I, you know, fly back. So, he
had told me basically how to set all
that up and then he had transportation
waiting for me. So, he gave me this
gentleman's number and uh so they picked
me up
and uh we drive um from the airport to
another location
and uh we go to this pretty cool place
and um where Jake was at. It's like an
office.
Okay.
And um
where are you?
I Well, I'm just going to say it's in
Cal um
California. Okay.
Um but that's all I'm going to say,
right? I'm not going to give specifics
to where this location was,
which is hard to do because I mean
there's people who who research this and
by all means research it, figure it out.
You're going to find some interesting
stuff.
So, we go to this particular place in
California
and he's so he introduces himself again.
Mhm.
As this alias, right?
And uh so he ends up sending a driver to
go get us lunch, which was cool. And uh
so he he ended up knowing what I wanted,
which was weird, but that's on a
separate tangent. Um
he knew what you wanted food-wise.
This gentleman did because I told him I
wanted some Subway cuz I haven't had
that in a while,
but he knew the exact order that was
your favorite order or something.
Okay.
It was very
So they had like a little dossier on you
or something. I don't know if that's
what the case was where this guy was.
Well, it would make sense in the context
of Jake even saying that his initial
role was to red team or infiltrate. I
mean, he ran.
Yeah.
And I mean, it's speculation, of course.
He told me personally that what his role
was after the fact of getting to know
him and and you know, getting
information from him for almost the past
couple years.
But this guy that was with him was a
very good person, very good guy.
Cool. And uh I mean everybody that I
known through Jake was was a great
person, you know. So we end up going
into this office building or not really
an office building, just like an office,
like a conference room. So we sit down,
he tells me, "Okay, go ahead and take
out your phone and put it in airplane
mode and set it off on the side." So he
I do that and then uh actually prior to
that, he pulls out this wand thing. M
it's like this box with this loop and he
says so he went over it himself and was
like go ahead and you know take it and
do it to yourself and that's when he we
heard the beeper go off on that wand
because it went over the phone and it
reacted. So he's like oh yeah go ahead
and put on airplane mode and do that. So
he's making sure it wasn't tra wasn't
chipped or had
any kind of you know listening devices
or something you know like a wire for
example. So then we sit at this
conference room table and you know he's
explaining to me what it was. He
explained the containers. He explained
the program P3 which is P3 is not the
real program designation. It's just what
they call it.
Okay.
Which was a psionic
potential predisposition.
Okay. And so yeah. Yeah. What
which I mean it sounds it sounds very
far out there. Yeah.
But being in these shoes for the last
almost two years and understanding that
consciousness is really the key to this
whole thing.
If you under if you want to understand
how these UFOs operate, you need to
understand consciousness better.
And so who Yeah. What was in these
containers? Because he thought initially
it might have been drugs.
I thought it was drugs. And he has said
I was completely wrong about that.
And what is he telling you?
He's saying it is basically these people
who are psionic assets who have been
screened from third world countries that
they use them because there's different
groups that are recruited out of the
United States to participate in
different parts of the world. and
explain what a psionic asset is.
These are people that are they have a
psychic ability to an extent to my
understanding
and they use these people to basically
hook up to this advanced technology
whether it's NHI technology ET craft if
you will and um basically either summon
them or call them invite them in. And
then um
the dark part about this whole thing cuz
everybody started getting wrapped up in
the human trafficking
that got slapped onto it. Now
understanding how the dynamic is now
where these people volunteer for this
kind of work because one it's if you had
an if I know if you guys had the
opportunity to participate in something
that was mind-blowing with this
technology would you guys accept it?
I'd be I'd want to know more. You
[laughter] would
I'd be cautious. What about you?
You'd be cautious, but but if it was in
a sense where you're participating
because everybody's like, "Oh, there,
you know, these people are dying and all
that." Well, why aren't you complaining
about people going to the military?
Because you're taking risk going in the
military, too, where you could die.
Or you, hey, you want to drive a a race
car for a living, you happen to crash,
well, that kills you. Or you play
professional sports, you could always
get screwed up. You know, when I did
competitive bodybuilding, people talk
about the risk of being on per
performance-enhancing drugs. Well, let's
even just super basically for the
audience. So these psionic assets are
what are they doing visav UFOs?
They are basically getting into a
cognitive or a state of consciousness to
attract these craft to appear
at these certain ranges in this
organization, not Jake's team. So
everybody needs to understand that
Jake's team is completely different from
what this organization does. this
organization will then sometimes target
them with these EMP weapon systems,
their scalar, and they knock them out of
the sky.
So, you're sort of baiting the UFOs to
come in and then you're knocking them
out of
That's where Jake's team would come into
um need is because his team would get
contracted to go pick up these vehicles
and then transfer them to a facility.
Okay. So, you speak at the MPC, you're
then contacted by Jake and you're then
taken to a location. Now, what about the
other five Marines that experienced the
eight gone possibly reverse engineered
craft with you have what have they said
because I don't know, but I want to
only two of them have reached out after
the fact.
The other three have not
and I don't think they're going to and I
frankly don't think they're they ever
want any part of this. Now, you I can
attest to this. What have you personally
seen because I've shared some
communication with two of them. What did
you see them do? Yeah, both from
communications like between you and them
that you've showed me as well as Joey
trying to speak to these two specific
Marines. They always every single time
say, "Leave me out of it. I don't want
to talk about it." But never once have
they denied it.
You've offered to actually show us some
of these texts while obviously removing
any personally identifying information
with your communications with one of
these.
You saw that. You saw the unredacted
before, right?
To make sure you did choose. You know
the names. You guys have seen them. Yes,
we've seen the names and Yes. Yeah.
Fellow Alchemist, Lucy Breakers are
changing the game for nicotine users. If
you're looking for 100% pure nicotine
product that's tobaccof free, Lucy
Breakers are where it's at. Each pouch
has a cool twist. Inside is a capsule
that can pop to release an extra burst
of flavor and hydration. It's a unique
experience that makes your nicotine
routine more enjoyable and convenient.
As someone who delves into the most
heretical thinkers and ideas of our
time, I appreciate products that
challenge the norm. Lucy Breakers do
just that. My personal go-to flavor is
mint. Whether I'm deep into a podcast
discussion, exploring new frontiers, or
brainstorming ideas, throwing in a Lucy
is an easy way to keep the day moving.
Plus, the flexibility and strengths let
you choose what suits you best. Let's
level up your nicotine routine with
Lucy. Go to lucy.co/jesse. co/jesse and
use promo code jessie to get 20% off
your first order. Lucy has a 30-day
refund policy if you change your mind.
Again, that's lucy.co and use code jesse
to get 20% off. And here comes the fine
print. Lucy products are only for adults
of legal age. Every order is
ageverified. Warning, this product
contains nicotine. Nicotine is an
addictive chemical. Thanks so much to
Lucy for sponsoring today's episode.
Okay. So, this is which side is you,
Michael?
Okay. So, um I'm the pink the light pink
text and this guy is the purple
purple text, right?
Okay. So, he says, "Sounds good, bud."
Says, "Hey, man. This is asking too much
of me and it's not worth the risk." And
this is presumably after a phone call
you guys.
Gave him a phone call from when I was
instructed by some people in the Senate
Intel. Try to get a hold of him to see
if he wants to actually talk to us.
Okay. So, you just spoke. You asked him
to come out. He said, "Hey, this is this
is asking too much of me and it's not
worth the risk. My family and military
career far exceed anything you are
asking of me. It's not worth my life or
jeopardizing my family. You need to get
out of whatever you are in and don't get
me involved." Presumably,
I can't view it because it's a
screenshot. But he basically after that
says, "Don't ever ask me to do this [__]
ever again."
That's what he said, the last part. All
right.
This was another guy that reached out to
me. Yep.
Through LinkedIn after he saw my Shawn
Ryan appearance.
Yep. And again, Gerb and I both have
seen the names.
But squadmate, right? So, what the [__]
else does that mean?
Yeah.
Saw your interview. My email is blank,
right? So, I sent him a message said,
"Check your email."
Mhm.
Sends this over. So, what's up, buddy?
How you doing? He says, "I'm doing good,
brother. Saw that you're getting the
word out. Mad respect."
Mhm.
Said, "Means a lot hearing from you,
brother, especially since we were
close." And then he says, "Yeah,
brother. Keep the faith. there is
nothing, no borders lines that they
won't cross. Says, "Well, I have a spot
for my team." So, basically, if you
wanted to get involved with us trying to
do this and um but that's pretty much
it. And you guys saw it when it wasn't
redacted. You guys saw the names. You
guys saw that nothing was
Yep. And you said, "Well, I have a spot
for you on my team if I go after
trafficking ops." So, that's the human
trafficking.
Yep. If that is the case, because
there's some people who reached out to
me that are combating real human
trafficking in Africa, South America.
Yeah,
he's uh obviously trained. So if he
wanted to participate in doing that kind
of stuff, I got people reaching out to
me, hey, you want a part of a task
force?
And he says at the end, sounds
be easy and stay safe. Wow.
But yeah, it says, "Yeah, brother, keep
the faith. There are no borders nor
lines that they won't cross." Yeah.
Yep. And he's say you're getting the
word out.
The word out. Yeah. The word. Yeah. What
is he talking about if he's not implying
that he knows exactly what you're
talking about?
That's exactly it. the original Daily
Mail article uh on you posted just a
screenshot of one of the Marines. I know
who it is saying. I'm like, "Leave me
out of this. I don't I I have a family.
I'm still in the military." Something
like that. Like, I I don't want to speak
about this.
But you've showed many further.
Well, I I have showed Yes. And I have
reported though or not reported, but I
have provided Senate Select Committee on
Intelligence all those messages because
why would he be afraid to help?
What's the repercussions if he helps?
Obviously with what we experienced, why
would the other guy be appreciative of
me bringing that this out, getting the
word out as he says?
So, what happened to the other three?
Are they just completely off radar?
Maybe. I [clears throat] don't know. I'm
I'm sure they're aware. I mean, most
people are, you know,
but I mean, it's it's up to them whether
or not they choose not to. I completely
understand. I'm the one that jumped the
gun on us.
So far, they have not contributed in a
sense at least that it was able to give
me the messages that they sent me that I
can provide to say, "What the [__] would
they be talking about?" If this wasn't
real, they would be saying, "No, what
are you talking about, dude?"
But the fact they're not denying it, the
fact that they're against it, such as
they don't want to talk about it because
of the ramifications, the first clue.
Second clue, why would they be
acknowledging and getting the word out?
Yep. The only person saying this never
happened was your fire team leader, who
was
But I got two other Marines who say
otherwise.
Right. Right. The fire team leader was
not on the mission.
He was not on the mission.
I don't know what he was doing.
It's just wild you're in it. Sorry. Go
for it. Yeah. I don't want to cut you
off.
But no, you know, it's just, you know,
to him, they can think and believe
whatever they want.
Yeah.
I don't care. It doesn't ruin my mood.
It doesn't do anything different. It
certainly doesn't derail my mission and
what I'm trying to achieve, at least
with the transparency with this to get
this problem reeled in once and for all.
It begs all these questions of like if
we're engaging in Black Ops in the
jungle in Indonesia and you guys just
kind of happened upon this thing, how
many other remote locations where, you
know, you just never expect anybody to
any passer by to kind of encounter this
stuff? Is this is this going on?
Right. Well, I mean, like I've been
told, Jake's even aware, too, that
there's several different sites all over
the world.
Yeah.
That deal with this and you know,
Southeast Asia being one of them, third
world countries, Mexico being one of
them. And so because in your Shawn Ryan
episode, Shawn uses the term human
trafficking.
Correct.
And so there's this big debate because I
interviewed Jake and you know it's like
this question of there was I believe
it's tsunami warning at the time, right?
It wasn't a tsunami warning. So the the
thing is is everything already happened.
Oh, so this was post tsunami.
This was post earthquake and tsunami. So
then were you guys
because I get the Shawn Ryan thing it
was like there was like you were almost
taking advantage or that the the the the
quote unquote tier one operators whoever
they were were taking advantage of the
fact that this was a disaster zone.
Correct. That was that was a theory.
That was a theory.
Yeah.
Or it could have been that their their
operation was compromised somehow and
they needed to get away or whatever it
might be. I mean it's it's just
Do you have a bias in either direction?
Do you think they were sort of rounding
people off? I'm just neutral about it
because of being in this situation and
now understanding at least to to my
knowledge of what takes place now.
Yeah.
I had a negative,
excuse me, outlook on it at first.
Yeah.
Cuz I didn't understand it.
The more I talked to Jake about it, the
more he was able to
put it into reference and why it made
sense.
Yeah.
Now, is it something that is uh agreed
agreed upon? No. Because they're using
children and that that's bothersome.
that I don't know anybody who would who
would feel good about that because I
don't have kids but if I had kids they
were getting plucked into these programs
and you know being subjected to this
kind of stuff. I would have a problem
with that and I think anybody in their
right state of mind would have a problem
with that too.
I agree.
So you know there's there's some
trade-offs with this
but what people have to understand and
they vilify these legacy programs like
nobody's business like they're the
they're all bad guys. It's not the case.
This is the best and brightest this
country has to offer that get pulled
into these programs to basically make
our country better to an extent. Now
there are some breakaway parts and
factions of this that take their own
routes i.e. Jake with his initiative
with what he wants to do,
which essentially
make everybody understand that the
legacy programs are not all that bad,
but also have another outlet for people
to pay attention to
as far as making contact with other
civilizations and inviting them in and
basically assessing the data that they
collect,
which is public to an extent because
this is what they're talking about
doing. If you are baiting a thing that
seems like it's coming from another
world or planet or interdimensionally or
whatever this is and then zapping it out
of the sky, if you know it's bad, that's
fine. If you don't, shouldn't we have
some caution or should some be some sort
of system diplomatic or whatever you you
would say? But this is the thing is, you
know,
if you're in the military or you're in
some sort of capacity where you're
taking orders,
you're not really in a position to think
necessarily. You're just going to do
what's instructed for you to do. And I
feel the same way is probably
perpetrated in in people in these
programs to an extent to think the same
way. This is a reason why they cross
deck into these agencies because they
still have the same structure. They
still have the same type of uh orders
that are given or things like that. Yes,
you're more freethinking, but at the
same time, you're also doing sort of the
same work, but just in a different
capacity. So, if you're taking orders to
say, "Hey, this, you know, whatever
comes into range, take them out."
I don't think anybody's going to argue
with that because the amount of pay that
comes with this and this is your only
opportunity. And these guys get paid
pretty good.
Yeah. Well, this isn't necessarily
blaming the operators who are involved.
No. That's the thing is that they're
they're told one thing
because the management level of these
know what's going on to an extent and
this is where it comes into either
they're doing this for their own
personal benefit or their gain um for
the whatever group they control i.e
through money corion of certain things.
But again, this is speculation, but at
the same time, the facts are is that we
are shooting them down. Yes, they are
facts. And regardless if everybody out
there says, "I've never seen this
happen." Well, yeah, you're not going
to. You're not a part of these programs.
You're not a part of anything that's
going to get you into this. Because the
people that are involved with this, they
don't like to talk about it. They like
to do the work and they do what's
required of them. They get paid a lot of
money to do it. And some of the work, a
lot of the work that they do is probably
very fun. They probably get to do things
that are not normal that nobody in this
room gets to say that they get to do,
right?
Do you think because you hear rumors of
the psionic assets having sundowner
syndrome or health effects or whatever
and you get I mean I think this goes
back to ancient esoteric practices and
correct
it's sort of this thing where if you're
not of an extremely pure you know
internally coherent state then you get a
reflection of the pain that's inside of
you. going to manifest whatever you're
you're projecting out there. I think
that's realistic. But what we're talking
about is not like trying to summon a
spirit.
You're summoning essentially technology
that has consciousness to it. Now,
what's the distinction?
Well, the difference is is obviously if
they're extraterrestrial that have a
consciousness, they're coming from a
different star system. That's what's
different.
Do we know that?
We don't. This is the Now, they may know
that.
Yeah. based off of where however they're
interacting.
Could this just be like an occult thing
that's been going on for hundreds of
years?
How do you think they learn?
How who
these groups they learn from the occult?
Sure. Interesting.
The secrecy aspect of this is it, you
know,
you have different fraternities or
secret societies.
I mean, everybody knows I'm a Freemason.
I've talked about it, but everybody
speculates, oh, because I'm a Freemason,
I'm a disinformation agent or something
or I'm a part of the new world order.
and then they see the SDG pin that I
wear, which everybody says is the World
Economic Forum. Sorry, I am too poor to
be one of those guys and I do not fit
whatever they need.
I think this is a important discrepancy
to bring up too. Uh when Jake discusses
Sky Watchers and some people on the
Skywatchers team, the P3 assets are um
quite engaged with what they do. They're
happy. They're former military or
they're, you know, well-treated
individuals. When we first did our
interview uh early in summer of 2024,
what you knew at the time was that the
P3 assets were essentially treated like
trash given drug cocktails to interface
with the craft, treated like garbage.
How does this well bridge connect?
So here's the thing is I think a
speculation because one of the things is
because they're given drugs doesn't
necessarily mean that they're treated
like Travish. What it does is it allows
them to operate at a higher level of
consciousness even though there's some
disassociation with it or if there's
other
trauma related things that happen early
on in their lives or they induce it
somehow. Granted, this is not what
Jake's team does. The operators he has
on this team do not do what may these
legacy programs do. It's completely
different. So everybody thinks that if
Sky Watcher is participating in the same
type of operations as Legacy, I hate to
break it to you, it's not even remotely
close. It's much more peaceful. It's
much more
um informative and something that's
going to be a little bit more
transparent compared to what Legacy is
doing.
So it could have been a different
program outside of Jake that referred to
the P3s as like pink assets.
Well, that's what they call that's what
the program calls them or pink assets.
What's pink asset?
Bi biological equipment like cattle,
right? do. Yeah, that that's and that
has always stood out to me.
And granted, that is something that has
been communicated to me is yes, that
some of the programs refer to them as
that. Doesn't mean Jake thinks that that
that's the case, or at least that's how
he personally views these people because
he doesn't view him that way. But this
is what the program treats him like.
Now, corporations out there are no
different.
Big corporations treat people like
numbers. Okay? Well, guess what? this
guy died, so we have another person
filling his spot and we can forget about
it. The military is the same way. It's
just a constant grinder of repeating the
trainings and getting people in these
roles and then basically getting them
up. If somebody gets out, they get in or
they get killed, they get another person
to fill the slot. So, it's no really no
different from that. But in the same
token, because it's so abstract that
people want to lynch onto and say, "Oh,
this is evil." Well, military is doing
the same thing.
Is there is there a way to do this that
um is above board? It brings up all
these philosophical questions because
it's like
I'm all for protecting the free world
and I do like the people who like you
know create some false equivalence
between right
um you know the way people live in
domestic China right now in the US as
messed up as our country is I think you
know I'd much rather live here and I'm
I'm all for protecting% and so there are
these game theoretic dynamics where I'm
sure they're doing similar things
but but then the the the
metaphilosophical question is like
we're talking about aspects of the
sacred and like you know I don't know
what these beings are you know they they
could be angels they could be really you
know I they could be demon I don't know
what they are
well angels and demons don't need flying
saucers to come here for let's get that
straight
so you think they're extraterrestrials
100%
but do we know but if they're not bad
you're just baiting them and zapping
them out of the sky
it's no different than if I was to have
an exotic car driving through a bad
neighborhood and they decided to shoot
me and steal my car because
be messed up for them to do
that's that's exactly it you want to
talk about the ethical
conflict here because that's really what
it is,
right?
This is the reason why Jay came forward,
right? Because there's nothing that he
was
there were things going on that he was
not a fan of,
right? Because I think Greer has spoken
about this that when he spoke to Jake,
Jake relayed that craft were being down
and he was deeply un
he was bothered by that 100% especially
with the P3 is the way they're treated.
So, and his goal now is to just get them
peacefully because I I you know there
might be biologics in the craft. If
that's the case, you are turning
possibly living biologics to dead
biologics like
well and that's what happens when they
fall in the sky because they're subject
to our laws of the universe with inertia
and gravity and all that kind of stuff
right
if we could peacefully commune with
these things that would be amazing. I
just
Well, I think that's what Dr. Greer's
whole C5 initiative is all about which
I've personally attended a few of them.
Yeah,
who you invited me to because it's more
like
I like to see things firsthand to see
whether or not it's there's anything
credible. And yeah, Dr. Gri C5 is very
real. It's very incredible and it's
something that I think a lot of people
need to understand that it's not
by any means false. But if you if you
listen to the ancient traditional
version of this stuff, it's always like
you need to be 35, married, grounded,
like you shouldn't like try to summon
anything.
Well, this is this is the thing is we're
going off of interpretation. What one
purp what one person's interpretation is
not going to share the same as the other
person's.
Your interpretations are different than
mine. Mine are different from yours and
so on. It's just whatever you personally
experienced, whatever's been your
upbringing, whatever you believe
valuewise is going to shape your
narrative and what your thought process
of a situation is. So, if you're brought
up on the more religious aspect of
things, then yes, you're going to think
aliens are angels or demons. If you're
somebody who's esoteric, you're going to
say, "Okay, it's it's interdimensional
or it's something that could be extra
solar,
right?" But it depends on what your
upbringing is and what you believe on
yourself of what it might be. But it
doesn't mean it's correct.
And so do you think these things come
down and then you know we're talking
about this octagonal eightgon shaped
craft that seems to be possibly man-made
part material derived from what lands or
gets zapped out of the sky then gets
reverse engineered or implemented in
these terrestrial exotic craft that we
build. Is that right?
That's to my understanding that's
exactly how it happens. From my
understanding, from what's been relayed
to me was that every craft that they
recover, they also make reverse
engineered versions of trying to
replicate that technology or that
specific craft.
So this I mean Jake saw
pretty much the same thing except much
smaller. That's something that was able
to be lifted up by a helicopter. This
[__] thing is estimated 300 ft. I
don't think his helicopter could pick
something up that big,
you know. So, it take probably several
helicopters. But in the same token,
So, you think what you saw is a reverse
engineered man-made version of what he
saw? Cuz he locked on to possibly
possibly because I mean, again, these
there's different groups all over the
world that are doing the same thing. So,
yes, there's multiple black sites that
probably have P3s that are being used to
lure craft out and then to shoot them
down. That was the most fascinating part
of my Jake interview is he was like,
"Who is we?" And I was like, "I don't
know. I assume like the US or like
whatever, you know, aerospace
corporations you might be working for."
And and and then he was like, "No, we
don't have shit."
Yeah. Well, he's like, "It's all He's
like, it's black money." It was almost
like it was like mafia wars and
international transnational corporations
and interests, you know, across the
world doing this stuff.
And yeah, trying to investigate this
subject, particularly with the vehicle
you saw, hit so many dead ends. I mean,
it's been talked about publicly by
Greer, but he always says that he knows
the craft you saw, the souped up version
of the agon retrieved is made by the
Lockheit skull works in North Brumit.
He he says that I myself have pressed
into that with, you know, people who do
art for him and say, "Where does he get
this?"
Well, that's the thing is I think it's I
think it's speculation. I mean, because
unless you're physically working for
these companies, you're not going to
know what's what. I mean, he may be put
connecting the dots because he's talked
to over a thousand other people that may
have been working for these programs and
maybe have articulated something
personally to him. I'm not entirely sure
of because I I'm not in Gish's head.
What I will say is that this field
offers a lot of speculation
and it offers a lot of confusion
because really at the end of the day we
only know what we experience personally
and what your interpretation of it and
how you tell the story is going to be
different than what you say. Because
here's the the problem. Every time you
retell a story, you're reframing it
based off of memory as much as you can.
So yes, I understand that for myself
with the story. There could be details I
left out that I don't remember or there
could be certain things, you know, so
it's just going off of memory of what
you retell your reframing. So with
Jake's incident
with him red teaming the event, I think
it was it one of the things that is a
little bit hard for me to accept is the
fact that this meeting back channelled
from somebody in the programs. Doesn't
happen with anybody. It didn't happen to
Hecker. It didn't happen to DC Long. It
didn't happen to Steven DNA. It hasn't
happened to anybody else I know. And
these are all
these are all people that came forward
forward with you and some of them went
on Sean Ryan. I'm the only one that has
been corroborated with or by people.
Why do you think they chose you
specifically?
Because they knew what I experienced
because of what their personal
involvement is with what they
experienced.
And that's kind of the thing of why he
offered when I went out, you know, to go
see him for the first time personally,
not at the event, but just on a personal
basis to explain what I saw. And um one
of the things that was, you know,
because anybody can say that they're a
part of something, right? But how do we
really know?
Well,
when uh Jake took me on a nice little
trip out to the desert, that was
something that proved to me that this
guy was legit.
What' you see?
I'm not going to tell you.
I can't I can't talk about that. I'm not
going to I'm not going to burn Jake in
the process
because I had given him my word
that I was not going to do that.
Mhm. He could have easily had me sign an
NDA or he, you know, originally they
wanted to blindfold me
and then just take it off and basically
here you are,
but that didn't happen.
But you saw something cool and
mindblowing and confirming of his
priorities.
Personally, yes. Yes. Personally, yes.
Are you at least able to say if this was
above or below ground?
I can't tell you.
Gotcha.
I'm not going to hint to either or
because I just, you know, like I said, I
don't want to burn Jake.
Of course. He's he is the reason why
I've been included in certain aspects of
this because for me he wanted me to have
firsthand experience with a lot of
things
that are about this subject
and he didn't have to do any of this for
me. He could have just laid low. He
could have just done his original job
and I would have never seen I would have
never understood it. I could have been
just labeled one of the crazy
psychopaths that some people think I am
and that could have been it. Have you
learned anything more about the fact
that maybe we have reverse engineered
working craft like this 8gon craft in in
our possession that we've actually built
and we know how to fly and that sort of
thing like this idea of alien
reproduction vehicles which check out
Gerb's channel. He does amazing work on
and he talks about the Mark McCandish
story. Have you heard anything
confirming of that?
Uh yes I have. But um it's not something
from Jake's side of the house for
example. It's more with other people
that I've been in communications with
that.
Anything you can share or
Well, I mean, I can just say that they
exist.
Okay.
And I know where some of them are stored
at, but that's about it.
And do you think that the designs are
copied or we derive material from the
UFOs that come down or like what's the
My understanding is that we don't
necessarily replicate the same materials
these things are made out of. Well, my
understanding is we have the same they
can get them to look the same using
materials we have on Earth. Probably
even, you know, of course,
who's to say that they probably
replicate the same materials too in a
lab somewhere or they make them because
they know what they're made of now
because they've been doing this ever
since the 40s and 50s. They've been
bringing these craft out.
So, it's like design inspiration or
mimicry or something. I think it's
mimicry for the most part
because if they get them to look, you
know, something that looks
extraterrestrial, but it's man-made and
they want people to believe that, then
by all means, they're going to do that.
The other implication is that we have
propulsion modalities in our possession
and we can we can work this stuff.
Yes, we can. that transcends chemical
combustion and seems to break, you know,
Newton's laws of conservation momentum
and that sort of thing and leaves, you
know, the trees unperturbed around, you
know,
making noises, nothing like that. I
mean, I mean, I'm a I'm a car guy, you
know, so if there is like a fast car you
implement this kind of technology into,
that'd be pretty incredible. It'd be
very dangerous. But
can we get any of this working civil
side? Is that is that is that a good
aspiration? Let me let me ask you
something. Somebody who
let's just say you come up with
something that's could be very
beneficial. But for you, you understand
it can make you money or you can control
people with it and it puts you on a
playing field that's above everybody
else. Nobody else has the same stuff you
do. But if you're this person who's
greedy and this person who likes the
aspect of being able to do whatever you
want, except you get to fold it into
some people who make decisions, i.e.
lawmakers
and you pay them a lot of money or you
pay them money to basically steer clear,
donate to their campaigns
and you basically are above the law, you
can coers politicians, you can coers
military officials, generals, you name
it, by just throwing them sacks of cash.
Are you going to really want to share
with everybody if you have the
stranglehood on the most powerful
country in the entire planet? I think
most people wouldn't, but I'd like to
think I would, but I don't know.
[laughter]
I mean I mean
humanity
or not necessarily on the but isn't
there a midpoint between those two
things where like you use it as leverage
to get,
you know, dictatorships abroad to reform
and you blackbox it in certain ways that
can't be reverse engineered. You dole it
out in civil infrastructure. You still
make the world a better place, but you
also allow it to confer an advantage.
fiber optics and night vision and stuff
like that. Right.
So you believe the Philip Corso
narrative
to an extent. I think that the the
what's derived from it real but I don't
you know his theory of how they were you
know we have a jetliners that can fly
through a lightning storm no problem and
very dead thunderstorms that have a lot
of lightning and they get hit by it and
nothing happens.
So why is a something that's not even
from this planet or from a different
civilization that's more advanced than
we are. way is something gonna be
susceptible to a lightning strike.
It's not.
Do you know when we cracked gravity? If
this is using like electrogravitic
propulsion, do you have any theories
around?
Well, just from what's been already
disclosed, which is 1954.
Okay.
We've had the hook on gravity control
since then.
And what was 54 specifically? Well, it's
just from what um Greer has alleged one
of his teammates that was in a vault
that saw the documents that talked about
gaining that kind of control.
Interesting.
And this guy's been on the record
several times. I don't know his name
specifically, but he's been mentioned
quite a bit.
There was some experiment where we tied
electromagnetism to gravity
based off of like even, for example,
when they retrieved the stuff from Nazi
Germany back in the ' 40s and then sent
them over here with Operation Paperclip.
Now, this can get into a whole different
conversation,
but um they had some discs that they
recovered.
The Nazis did.
The Nazis developed the stuff, but it
wasn't stable.
So, when they brought them over here, of
course, you had the best scientists who
were already working on this kind of
stuff that were able to amplify it
somehow. Now, that you have the US
government backing you, giving you
citizenship,
basically giving you right to do
whatever you want because they need your
help.
Yeah.
And this is how NASA was created because
it was a German who created this. Yeah.
It was also the CIA and the FBI were
created by these people too.
Yeah. Everything you're saying now I can
tell you is definitively factual. Like
conspiracy or von Braun Arthur Rudolph
basically that the NASA Saturn project
was a transplantation of the Nazi space
program. And then you had
Richard Mita Victor Shawberger uh you
know a lot of these guys Henry Kanda who
were working on lenticular lenticular
aerodine saucers. either they moved over
to the to the US or in Mita's case I
believe he there's speculation he worked
uh on the Avarocar project the Canadian
version Shaburgger I know the army
counter intelligence corp tricked into
giving all of his propulsion exotic
propulsion stuff uh to the US and that
made it actually to Brook Haven National
Labs Nick Cook.com
So and that that even brings up the
question like did we even really win
World War II if that happened? If we if
we took the the brightest minds, the top
military leaders of the Third Reich,
Yeah.
and brought them here and they basically
got into positions of power and
influenced our government and created
intelligence agencies which they wanted
to replicate in Nazi Germany.
We are living present day of what they
wanted to accomplish back in the ' 40s.
I speak fluent German. I know a lot
about German history and I know for a
fact that
this is like this Philip K. dick man in
the high castle narrative, but like an
undercover version or something where so
what so if they infiltrated our highest
ranks, which they sort of did, but do
you think you you think they sort of
maintained Nazi allegiances?
Well, look at what happened with Ukraine
and this is what people don't talk
about. Look at them waving Nazi flags. A
lot of the people that went out of Nazi
Germany went and occupied that area.
There's Nazis here. I mean, look at some
of the prisons and stuff like the Aryan
gangs, but yes, there's there's
societies that have Nazi influence in
them. I can tell you for a fact. So what
what Hitler wanted to achieve was a
militarized police force.
What do we have now? A militarized
police force. We have basically uh
healthc care, some free healthcare. They
have some sort of system for education,
which is what they wanted to do. They
wanted to basically put a ban on smoking
a whole lot um because they wanted
healthier people. And it was funny
because even as a Freemason, one of the
things that Hitler despised was us as
Freemasons because of the secrecy that
we have
and the way that we do rituals, which
you know is nothing spectacular to an
extent because it's just tradition.
But one of the things that he liked was
how we kept things very secret and very
word of mouth, i.e. um what we call a
pass and a grip.
So a password and then a grip is
obviously a handshake. depending on what
um degree you are demonstrates what kind
of grip you will give and then of course
there's some grips that you give in the
public and there's grips that you give
only behind the doors of a lodge
no I mean yeah like Warner von Braonn
Rudolph Hess himler all these guys were
really interested in the cult
everybody on that top level was because
that's so part of this council of
foreign relations was something that
helped set up the CIA
well do you think most of these people
that were in the CI CFR at the time they
were people who were read into the
occult or participating themselves in
some of these societies.
That's how they learned the secrecy in
these programs was based off of these
organizations
that know how to keep things
compartmentalized. That should sound
familiar.
So they keep people segmented and then
they basically being bring people under
those segmented parts to basically stay
in their lane. This is how you have
different divisions and different things
that people work on that basically
integrate into a bigger picture.
You're almost implying that there are
like control systems that go deeper than
just you know NDAs and this is your
dream
very much so that is the truth and this
has happened for thousands of years.
This is no different. The only
difference is is the people who exist
today are taking the influence from the
past and still implementing it. So when
the next person steps in line, they get
to do the same thing and basically keep
it going the same way
that it never changes. The only thing
that changes is when you have people
like Jake, for example, who come forward
and expose what their personal
experiences are
and basically try to not necessarily
shatter the secrecy, but they want
certain parts of the secrecy to be out
so that way humanity can benefit. I
don't have a problem with that. Yeah.
What do you guys think is like because
disclosure is in this very interesting
place now where I feel like it's made
kind of a quantum leap forward and then
mainstream societ I mean a lot of this
stuff came out around the inauguration.
Yep.
And if you look at like what's happening
in the White House and with US aid and
like Doge like most people are concerned
with that and they don't give a [__]
about UFOs. And then you have UFO world
where they're like, we have a guy who
came out who says he retrieved a craft
firsthand and it's like they're on an
island like from the rest of the rest of
society doesn't there's some dark matter
between them that's like undetectable.
So where does disclosure go from here
and is there like an aspirational, you
know, good place for it to go
directionally?
Let me let me ask you something. So
everybody understands how the government
is astray these days, right?
Yeah. So, you have all these moving
parts and people don't know what they're
doing or they do know what they're
doing, but there's just so many
different things that are um developing
within the government right now.
Do you think realistically pulling these
technologies from these black programs
and putting them into the hands of
people who don't know what the [__]
they're doing is a smart move?
No. Not willy-nilly. Not like, you know,
Yeah.
This is why amnesty and this is why this
needs to get more transparent at least
for a government side. Now, now some of
the free energy tech we could benefit
from, but as far as a craft or being
able to fly, that can stay top secret
and it can just be like, "Yeah, we know
nuclear weapons exist or thermonuclear
weapons, we don't know how they work,
but we know they exist." It could be the
same way.
Shouldn't that be the right analogy
where it's like nuclear physics versus
nuclear trade secrets? Correct. It's
like obviously yeah we shouldn't let
trade secret that but as far as the
physics should be open to
I can tell you personally that I don't
think the government would even have any
kind of first indication on how to
manage these programs
they're not going to know what to do
with it
if they're so and this is the problem
to your face they're going to tell you
they're all about the right motives or
or doing the right thing for this
country but when push comes to shove and
they don't want to do a [__] thing
about it they're going to put people oh
it's my political career I give a [__]
more about
well Congress has an 11% approval
rating. I've always thought one of the
most overrated
uh versions of disclosure is having
congressional oversight over the like I
think a lot of these guys don't know
their asses from their foreheads. As far
as the public understanding basic
ontological truths and benefiting to the
extent they can from the the the tech. I
mean that feels like a clear net good.
What you and I have as an expectation
for the government is much different
than what they have for themselves.
Their expectations is I get to go home
every night. I get to check my bank
account and make sure I'm getting paid
the same funding I got last year or if
not more. And that their reputation
still sticks around as I'm senator so
and so and I'm this cool person because
I'm in government.
Yeah. I mean it's it's it's an
oligarchy. It's it's special interests
run the entire thing.
These people are not powerful at all.
This group that has this kind of stuff
is way more powerful than them. So these
guys on Capitol Hill that think that
their [__] doesn't stink. I hate to
break it to you guys. You guys are
ponds.
Do you not that? But so you think that
the UFO legacy programs are almost like
breakaway power thiefs that have
leverage over the federal government?
Oh yeah, they have more money than our
government. Are you kidding?
So you think like like with this
transition,
do these UFO programs automatically roll
up to Trump or are they their own thing?
They're going to be their own thing
because here's the thing, Trump's not
going to know what to do with this cuz
most of the people on Capitol Hill don't
believe in this [__] and some of the
ones that do are very far and few
between. But Trump Trump has to know
that this stuff is real. You don't think
so? But his son on his podcast
interviewed Ross Colart before Ross
Colthart broke the Jake story. And I I
I'm just reading between the lines and
speculating.
Let me let me let me break it to you.
Yeah.
I've had meetings with some of these
people in Trump's administration. And I
can I can back it up because I got
photographic evidence and I participate
in a lot of meetings in Washington.
Yeah. Because of what I'm able to
provide them as far as little bit of
advice, but a little bit more like
personal experience. Okay.
To you, they will say it. Yes, they're
interested into it, but when their
political careers come up because now
they're going to be thought of as nut
cases. Every single person in this field
is thought of that it's the stigma until
you have somebody like Trump for
example.
He's more fixated on things that are
more
short-term. Yeah,
that can be a long-term thing which is
great. I'm not bashing that. I think his
approach of trying to clean up the
government is great because what happens
is now they start seeing funding go in
different directions that's not known.
When that's apparent, that is going to
basically say where is this money going
to? Then you're going to have people
like Jake knocking on the door saying,
"I know exactly where that's going to
and it's going to these programs." Well,
what are these programs centered around?
Well, NHI technology or reverse
engineered and all this kind of stuff.
So, it could segue into it. What's going
to happen with this closure is not an
overnight thing. This is going to be
something that has to take a few
generations for people to understand
because this is unfortunately how fast
humans learn. you know a lot about the
money flow of like all this stuff. You
want to just talk about that a little?
Yeah, but I got to say I fully agree
with you guys that disclosure probably
won't come from the Congress. I mean,
look at uh Kirk McConnell, the staffer
for Senator Gillibrand on the Senate
Armed Services Committee. Since 2017, he
has been pulling witnesses, talking to
witnesses, and briefing his senator.
He's great. He knows a lot.
I know. I know. I talked to him in a
skiff.
He's Okay. You So, you spoke to
I spoke to him directly firsthand. Yeah.
So, he's a good guy. Yeah, because at
Soul he was asked by a couple
individuals if he had heard of a
blue-on-blue firefight team with a locky
brushal team and about you know
transporting humans in reverse
engineered craft and he said both he had
heard yes. So definitely you have talked
to him
so that sounds like maybe the craft is
locked.
Well I yeah
but as far as the money I I mean I agree
that this is probably like a black
programs are breakaway projects. I think
most of these operate in DoD
laboratories or various MRTFBs, major
range test facility bases. A lot of
these have underground locations. This
cash flow is generally uh
generally moved through FFRDC's,
federally funded research and
development centers or URC's, university
affiliated research centers. And this is
so the federal government can in in
those who know when the federal
government can engage with legacy
programs operations through these
FFRDC's and URC's to make joint USG and
contractor programs the block programs
as we think of them.
Give us a few big examples of FF fdc.
MITER rand center for naval analyses the
IDA institute for defense analysis.
How much money do these organizations
all get tons and there's something
called crystal city? Do we have a sense
of like cuz like Yeah. Yeah. What's
Crystal City? Sorry.
Crystal City is a location just south of
the Pentagon in Washington DC. That is
where pretty much all of the biggest
defense contractors are.
It's in Arlington, right?
Yeah. Yeah.
Yeah. You have the Aerospace
Corporation, you have the IDA, you have
the CNA, the Center for Center for Naval
Analyses. And I really think the amount
of money that's moved can't really be
tracked because I myself have talked to
witnesses who have seen cash moved like
physical bales of cash taken to
locations.
Most of the transactions are in cash.
And this is something that most even
people I've talked to have talked about
that that's how they do things.
Everything's self-funded in that regard,
right? So if you have a program that you
can benefit off of siphoning funds from
the from the government, right? tax
dollars
that get allocated to that, but then you
don't have to tell people what you're
specifically doing, you just say, "Yeah,
it's going to this program and we need
60 billion for it,
right?"
So then when it gets to a point of them
actually generating own revenue by
themselves, they still need that
lifeline of government funding because
then it gives them a purpose because the
government gives them the legal
authority to do so. If the government
was like, "You know what? We know what
you guys are doing. It's [__] We're
going to go ahead and cut off funding."
Well, they're still making money, but
that's the thing that they'll discover
is how they're making money, which is
not an illegal sense, right? Because
they're still kept from the government.
You're using tax dollars to generate
programs which then can generate revenue
which then enrich certain people's lives
or they use it to re replicate
technologies, if you will.
So, essentially, if they figure out
everything they're doing is illegal,
then guess what? They're not going to
risk it. So, what are they going to do?
They're going to continue lying to
everybody on Capitol Hill and because
some of these senators and politicians
are also read into this, but at least
maybe they're getting, hey, I'll give
you a couple million for a campaign.
Just don't look over here.
Right.
It happens all the time.
Yeah. Well, you have, you know, um,
Congressman Mike Turner who represents
the the district that Wright Pat is in,
right Patterson, which is the center of
all UFO lore and reverse engineering.
back to Roswell and I believe his top
three donors are Boeing, Locked and
maybe I'm getting the third one, Rathon,
you know, some Rathon.
It is Rathon and he uh basically uh was
helped nyx uh the eminent domain clause,
you know, as part of the
I'll explain why that happened. All
right.
Now, everybody thinks, oh [__] that
sucked and you know that we didn't get
anything out of that. Yes, we did.
We understand that
it's always going to be one step
forward, two steps back. We're going to
figure out what's going on and who's a
part of what. When that was gutted and
who opposed it was basically saying,
"Hey, we're the ones that oppose it. Now
we know who's a part of it." So ideally
having them nyx that was a good thing
because they expose themselves to us.
Now we know what to look for and who to
look for,
right?
So it wasn't a bad thing. It was
expected, but it was a good thing
because now we know who's in charge of
what.
And Turner's out now, which is cool.
And I think he was out because they
figured it out what he was doing
to an extent, not not necessarily with
UAP, but just with other programs,
right?
Do we have a do we have a sense of
yearly, but like if the, you know, NDAA,
National Defense Authorization Act,
basically our defense budget yearly is
like 800, 900 billion, do we have a
sense of how much of that is UFO or is
UFO off the books? And is it even
greater than that? I mean, probably off
the books, but there's one example of
specific monetary value I can talk
about. So, I covered once a witness code
named Ed who talked of a joint reverse
engineering program between the Nevada
Test and Trade Range and Edwards Air
Force Base. Two highly prolific prolific
locations, done a ton of analysis on
there. But this individual, he after his
time at the Air Force, he went on to
work for the Pentagon for the research,
development, test, and evaluation panel
chain for the Air Force. It was here
during the span of I think 2012 to 2016
he spoke of $34 billion and $40 billion
being scrubbed from the books for
non-transfer of authority funds for the
Air Force
in respected years. I'm not sure which
year is the 34 and which year is the 40,
but just wiped off the books. And then
but then you simultaneous to all of
this, you know, if we're talking about
octagonal shaped crafts that can use
electrogravitics, it's like China and
Russia are like eating our lunch as far
as I know on hypersonics.
Well,
and so so like how do you kind of
I will I will say this
and hypersonics are associated with the
same contractors that are associated
with this issue.
Yeah. So, it's always this question of
like, have we actually just stagnated
and this is just like some softening of
the en enemy sort of, you know,
narrative or whatever. Yeah.
I had an interesting meeting on Capitol
Hill and one of the things that was
brought up by a particular gentleman who
knows of what's going on, I'm not going
to say who he is. Mhm.
What he was able to figure out and
um provide us during that meeting was
Russia and China have their own
retrieval teams of non-human
intelligence and they have their own
technologies reverse engineered and
they're pretty much on par with what
we're doing. And it's to the point to
where we as in the United States assets
that deal with this have gentleman's
agreement with both countries to say if
we target and shoot down NHI whatever
team gets there first gets the prize.
whatever team gets their second has to
wave off.
Whoa.
And this person's a pretty pretty high
place in the government. So, the fact
that that was established because that
was a theory. I was like, we can't be
the only people that have this in this
country. But it's not even just these
countries. It's this organization which
is transnational. They just happen to
exist in other countries that are doing
the same stuff we do here.
Do you think that this could bring us
together? I mean, you have rumors of
like, you know, um Reagan and Gorbachev.
This isn't even a rumor. Gorbachev,
Mikuel Gorbachev, says in an interview
with Charlie Rose that he was sitting
with Reagan at some like UN event or
something and Reagan, you know, whispers
over in his ear, he says, "If the United
States
were attacked by someone from outer
space,
would you help us?"
I said, "No doubt about it."
He said, "We do." And so like do you
think there's any hope of this not being
this sort of game theory dynamic but
actually sort of you know creating kind
of peace between the nations or is that
just totally naive?
I think I think the only way that we're
going to get full disclosure is if we
are peaceful to each other.
I think if everybody puts their [__]
swords down and understands that we have
a bigger problem to deal with here and
it's bigger than ourselves. This is the
only way we're going to gain ground. M
the problem with this this field if you
want to call UFOs or a community right I
don't even consider my part me a part of
it I'm just somebody who saw something
[__] crazy and here you go so there's
so much division there's so many
factions with this where everybody
thinks that oh this person's right this
person's wrong or this doesn't make
sense or this makes sense if everybody
was to understand that we're all trying
to do the same thing and we all group
together
we could get so much further along with
this but everybody's like oh I hate this
person because to this or I heard this
about this person so you know he doesn't
contribute anything. [snorts]
We have to be uniting together to make
this happen.
Yeah.
And it's the problem. I don't think it
will ever happen unless everybody puts
their damn swords down.
Yeah. The quote unquote UFO community,
which I say I think it's so
cringeworthy, but it's like it's it's
the it's the most like it's like a
reality TV show. It's just this weird. I
try to stay out of all of it, but it's
it's so bizarre. I don't even pay
attention to it because it's just, you
know what, I got more important [__] to
deal with, such as either having these
meetings or trying to gain ground on
this.
That's more my focus. I don't give a
[__] what other people say in this
community. It's just like
you you guys, they can criticize people
so easy.
Yeah.
But if they were ever called to go on
Capitol Hill to like talk, they would
never do it. None of them would.
Do you feel like people have ever tried
to co-opt you given your story? Because
I mean you you signed something
basically with this Air Force, you know,
lieutenant colonel where it's like your
life is under the threat if you say
something.
Well, now that they've passed these
laws, I mean, that doesn't apply.
I mean, you know that I have had some
blowback. You know, I've had I've had
harassment. I haven't had direct threats
that I'm aware of, but other people have
heard things, but I can't confirm that.
But one of the instances, so when I
testified to Arrow in April of 2023,
After that trip, I started having these
helicopters
hover over my house or, you know, my
dad's residence for example or over my
business.
What sort of helicopters?
Uh, some of them most of the time are
Blackhawks. And then there's one
particular um CH47
um which is a dual rotor helicopter.
It's army variant that um doesn't matter
where I'm at in the city. If I move to a
different area, it pops up there.
Really?
Mhm. And this has been and it's it's
weird because you can I have flight
radar 24 where I can track these because
this is you know I had referenced this
to Jake several almost several years ago
explaining that this is what kind of
harassment there's other people in the
government as well that were having
harassment like that happen to them too
and partially I think that's why there's
why we can't rely on government to do
disclosure because once they figure out
what they're up against they're not
going to do that
something that has much more money than
them has their own private military has
their own assets. They're more cutting
edge than compared to what we've got. I
mean, but it's a symbiotic relationship
because we need these contracting
companies to help build stuff for our
defense programs, which the government
needs because this is what helps us keep
as a superpower in this country, but it
also curbs terrorism. It curbs wars that
we could have in any other part of the
world.
We need them. So, if we're to gut them
from what they do best, then that
basically weakens us as well because we
need these companies to come up with our
next, you know, um, generation 7 fighter
jet whenever that comes out or a new,
you know, tank or new, um, medical
systems for military or whatever it is
that they do. So, gutting them would be
something that would basically
So, you think they're actually producing
a lot of innovation because like society
at large is stagnated when it comes to
tech.
Society has, but look at the military.
It's much more advanced because that's
their focus. That's the war machine. So
if they don't have a war,
but it also goes back and forth like you
hear these stories of like, you know,
nukes operating off floppy discs. You
know the story in I think it was like
2017 or something.
Yeah, I had talked about that and it was
it was something I found out personally
was that they keep it archaic because
it's harder to hack.
You can't h if you have a signal that
goes up topside.
So that's intentional.
That's intentional.
NORAD operating offline so no systems
reach.
Yep. That's why they do it that way. And
some of these black sites work the same
way.
Okay.
So there, you know, what everybody has
to understand is black sites operate
independently. Yes, they get funding
from the government with some research
and development programs that they do,
but they operate entirely by themselves.
It's almost like its own country.
They got their own people to manage
these things like these refugees they
get from these other countries that they
scream for P3 that don't cut make the
cut. Well, they have them as janitors,
cooks, you know, people to maintain
these facilities. For every single
operator, you're going to have 20
personnel that are going to basically
support that operator that are in these
facilities, if that makes sense,
such as a medical officer, whatever that
is, and admin people, payroll, if you
will.
So, there are people essentially missing
all over the world. Are they are these
people willfully signing up to be
psionic assets or in certain cases, are
they being rounded up?
Well, they're they're signing up to my
understanding. This is what I've been
confer.
Okay. Well, they get paid well. And if
you're in a country where you don't get
that much money and you don't get to do
anything cutting edge, but you have a
skill set that could be used in a it
could be in a positive way. Granted,
we're not in these programs, so we don't
understand really what they do, but if
they were to do something that's fun
that they put their skills to, they're
going to do it.
You know, anybody who's got the skills
to do that. And so you're saying their
family might be taken along to work as
logistics and maintenance and so forth
potentially, but I can't confirm that
because, you know, I haven't I haven't
talked to a P3 refugee from a you know,
that was Oh, yeah. My family came with.
No, I've never heard of that. But then
again, I would say it's entirely
possible. If they're going to take the
people that are essentially going to
make them money or give them
technologies, then why not? Are there
gifted and talented education programs
in the US that work as feeders to legacy
UFO program
that I cannot I don't know that
personally. I have heard it from
multiple people. I know people who claim
that they were a part of that
but I can't personally talk about it
because I have no idea.
Do you know anything about this?
I only know one individual and that is
Jordan.
Yeah. who has talked about, you know,
working on on programs and being in gay
programs as a kid. Yep.
He's the only individual I know and it
was interesting to see him come forward
with Skywatchers.
So, I always knew him by his previous
suited in Martin.
Yep.
So, I'm interested to hear more from him
about that.
What do you guys think about Arrow
generally? This is the all domain
anomalies resolution office. Yes, I I
understand it was a front
for basically sifting through
information and plucking people to
figure out what they know and then
either trying to shut them up or
just publicly dismissed the person, you
know, like they did with anybody that
testified. You know, they they
misconstrued all our stories.
What I understand now is that the
director there is really hellbent on
getting the right information. Now
granted,
so do you like the this is John Kuzowski
who's formerly of the National Security
Administration and and or National
Security Agency, sorry. And before that,
you had Kirk Patrick who like I don't
know one person in this world who who
likes you know I think most people think
he was
anybody who's associate with them of
course are going to like them because
I'm pretty sure they're getting paid the
same. But right,
you know that's just what it is. They're
going to they're going to stick up for
their own guy. But mo so most people
think I think Kirk Patrick's sort of a
bad faith actor and then Kazowski the
verdict's still out but you think maybe
there's hope or
from what I've heard from people dealing
with him on a personal level that he's
for the right issue.
Okay.
Was yet to be seen but we will see. I
mean like I've said and Jake Steven said
the same thing. You'll know them by
their deeds and if they start doing good
things then that could potentially bring
us something to good. But if they start
doing things that we're not approving
or, you know, that is not going to help
with what we're trying to do, then I
would say it's definitely somebody that
we need to consider not even involving.
Yep.
You know, I think the hardest part is
figuring out who's going to be on the
right side of history with this.
Yeah. What do you like? How do you
position yourself now to be on the right
side of history? I mean clearly just by
coming out in my opinion I think you're
you're showing courage and on the right
side of history but on a go forward
basis now that you're kind of implicated
in the topic how do you position
I mean if I had a job around this where
I could contribute and and bring the
answers and
basically provide to the public that
this is real
I would enjoy that
it's much more interesting business-wise
is always interesting but it es and
flows and the fact is is you know when I
have these meetings in DC
and with important people. It kind of
like
it always fuels my fire because I get to
contribute in a sense to actually help
people understand what they should be
looking for. And so when I get invited
to partake in those meetings and I was
like, okay, this is this is cool. I get
to meet very interesting people. I get
to meet people I never think I'd ever
meet because most people see these
people on TV and it's like, oh yeah,
there's this person here, you know, he's
a part of the administration or he's
doing this. So I think if I can
contribute in a sense that's positive, I
think that that's that's what I can die
leaving this earth knowing that I I
tried to help
get us somewhere better because I all I
want from this is just for us to be
better, for us to have these
technologies that we could live a lot
longer, we can live happier, we can be
healthier, and we can be more
knowledgeable and can be at a higher
consciousness. Do you think that these
technologies will ever come out and you
know we'll get
some of them are there's room there's
there's some rumors and speculation from
some reputable people I know that that's
what they're trying to do and it's more
medical based technologies
like what
so it's a scalar technologies right
so this device essentially all they do
is if you're not there presently they
use a photo of you and it has to just be
like a symmetrical photo of your face
and they did this with my dog for
example because he would like I said he
was diagnosed with some sort of bladder
mass that they thought was cancerous and
then uh this scan it hits the body with
around 886,000
different frequencies to up to 1.2 two
million frequencies. And then what it
does is when one of those frequencies
registers or pings, that specific ping
tells you that you have this specific
element. With this specific element, it
also talks about specific frequencies
that can terminate that specific cell.
And it can do this remotely via a photo.
Correct. Now, the caveat to this is that
they could kill people the same way by
manifesting harmful cells like fasting
cancers. Does that sound familiar? Have
you ever heard of whistleblowers or
people trying to come forward that got
hit with this kind of [__] to get them
to shut up or it kills them pretty
quick?
You might know better than me.
James Allen, the documentarian of Mark
McCandalish and the Flex Liner story. He
was diagnosed and dead of an aggressive
form of cancer about 3 weeks.
Do you think that that was caused by
some sort of remote scalar weapon?
I'm more interested in the fact his
autopsy said he was poisoned with heavy
metals. So that almost sounds more prosa
like more like you know conventional or
something but have you so you've heard
you know specifics of people having hit
been hit with cancer.
Yeah but I can't talk about the people
I'm associated with on that cuz I don't
want to
Okay, that's scary.
It is scary. This is the problem is that
bullets and stuff like that are archaic.
They don't need that [__] These weapon
systems that they have that they can
turn into weapon systems with scalar
manifesting growth and cancers into your
or they could [__] with your eyesight.
it could [__] with your brain. You know,
that's very real stuff. So,
when they are able to
use this technology in a good sense,
there's always going to be somebody
who's bad who wants to use the same
technology in a harmful way, which is
why it's not public. And um you know,
it's not like these people that use it
that I know that have used it on me are
like greedy people, but they cure a lot
of people. And sometimes they cure I've
seen. So you think that technology is
going to be these scalar wave healing
technology
exfiltrated
there may yeah well yeah there's always
a a flip side to everything in order to
have good you have to have bad this is
what people don't understand nothing's
always ever good and nothing's always
ever select
tech is dual use correct AI car right I
need to go to the store do this some guy
looks at it as like no I'm going to go
run over 30 people
yeah yeah nuclear free energy or nuclear
bomb or you know
it's the same thing with this technology
you know it just depends on what the
person wants to utilize it with.
A knife that can cut food for you so you
don't choke to death is the same person
who's going to go think ill of it and go
stab a bunch of people.
It is interesting when you say like the
remote there's this guy Joe Despensza
that does like you know
selfactualization work and it's always
like you know you have these like remote
healings and like people concentrate on
a photo and stuff and
I you know I I don't know what to make
of it. I I don't know what to make it of
either, but I know this device was
pretty um crazy, but it's great.
And you know, so the type of frequencies
and when So here's the thing that's cool
about it.
Mhm.
So the frequencies that it pings and
then it suggests, you know, because it
goes down to your
DNA, but then it goes all the way to the
atoms and molecules that make up your
body.
And then it can also detect things that
haven't manifested yet,
and it can curb that. So, uh, for me,
for example, I didn't tell them my
medical history, but when they did the
scan on me, they found out everything
about me that I never told them
really.
And I didn't even know this about
myself. My dad, you know, I was born
with very thick blood and so I needed a
transfusion when I was born. My dad's
like, "Yeah, you've had thick blood."
That showed up on the scanner. You
showed me
because the reason why I showed up
because the way that my arteries and
veins are working harder because of
having to pump the thick blood
and but you then you talked about it
with your dad. You didn't even know
that.
I didn't even know. He told me, he's
like, "Yeah, well, you know, I I told
him, I said, "Well, they said that I
have
thick blood." And he says, "Yeah, you've
had thick blood since you're a baby. You
had to get a transfusion, and that's the
reason why my arteries and veins and
capillaries have
there definitely like quacky versions of
this that exist commercially. Right now,
there is, and it's called energy
enhancement systems, which are,
you know, so you stand by these screens
or sit by these screens and the
frequencies they hit you with are
supposed to be of healing frequencies. I
have yet to do that. I can't say if it's
legitimate. It may be. There's people I
know that that have had that done. But
with this particular device is it's
something that I I really hope to God
that this comes out because
you I mean you're saying there is a plan
to exfiltrate it for commercial use.
Yes, there is.
Then you're getting into something
that's like alternative medicine is what
this will fall under because Western
medicine is so heavily involved with FDA
and having to do things regarding that
and with what they said.
Wouldn't this theoretically take out big
pharma?
That's why they don't want to out.
Could you live forever on this thing?
Are there are there people in the UFO
program going to live to 300?
I mean the person that one of the people
that exists today and I don't know who
they are. They're probably on the first
already part of living forever in our
world right now because of what the
technologies that is a possibility.
Well, I would I would love to understand
this stuff better because it seems so
primmaaccia absurd. But I also do, you
know, I'm interested in this stuff and
there's um
you know, you can turn molecular mass
into frequency. That's not at all woowoo
to say in physics or biology and every
you know, if you if you did take almost
like a bank of like this organ should be
operating at,
you know, whatever optimum frequency,
you could probably tune it. There's a
field called simatic, correct? Correct.
with vibrations you could you can
create, you know, sand structures in
like these vibrational plates.
And so you could theoretically and we
know that um cellular communication
occurs via voltage gated ion channels.
And so you can the the the field there
is a bioelectric field to every body.
These are all sort of facts. And so
theoretically with acoustics and
electromagnetic fields, you could affect
bodily functions. How you do that in a
precise way to heal people that feels
very hard for me to understand.
Well, it's it's hard for me to
understand because again, like I said, I
was only exposed to this.
So, the first scan took 12 12 and a half
hours. I was in this chair and they were
sitting there working like literally
overnight.
And you're sure this isn't really good
counterintel like the subway order.
No, this is [laughter] not a good
counter intel. This was something that
this was something that I that I was
that was used on me
in a sense to one build trust with this
particular person, but also to
understand that this is something that
is real and it's something that can
benefit humanity. I'm more interested in
that. I don't, you know, yeah, the UFO
stuff's cool cuz they fly.
The medical [__] the stuff that we
could also do with this technology is
going to be far more advanced even with
consciousness. I mean, that's more
mind-blowing than just watching a craft
fly. I'm sorry, but you know, people are
so enamored with those, but it's like
that's the boring part of it. Jake's
even said the same thing.
Yeah, totally. Yeah.
You know, so when I So, the first
treatment was 12 hours of hook to this.
So, I fell asleep. They gave me uh stem
cells in the same process and exoomes,
which was good.
They also took my blood because it was
thick. So, they put under a microscope
to see how thick it is. It's pretty
thick, but you know, being on hormone
replacement therapy and having to do
blood dumps and stuff like that is what
I keep up with it. Plus, they told me to
take baby aspirin, one 81 milligrams or
micrograms, if you want to call it that,
daily to help with it. So, it I didn't
even know that. It said I had
osteoporosis. Well, I don't drink milk.
I hate milk. Milk I mean, I like stuff
that has milk like cheese and ice cream,
but it hates me.
Mhm.
So, yeah, some days it's worth it, some
days it's not.
So, um it knew that about me. There's a
bunch of other things that it said, you
know, that it was able to detect.
And you've never seen the machine. I
have never seen a machine. This was last
year, late
February, early March.
But you felt it it it healed your dog.
And did it heal something with you, too?
It healed something with me. I had
parasites. I didn't even know because I
started getting like very bad heartburn.
My stomach like I was my appetite was
[__] I could not eat. And I was
wondering what it was. I was like,
"Okay, well, I need to take this
medication." And it didn't make it any
better. Then when I got the scan and it
got rid of the parasites cuz it listed
three different types.
And you felt better immediately. I felt
like I was like 20 years old again.
Wow.
And this was happened over a week. So,
so part of it, so 12 hours of the first
one, roughly 6 hours the second one, and
then the destruction sequence that they
do using these frequencies to target the
parasites and to kill off the bad cells
took about 4 and 1/2 hours. They what
they also do on this device is they
program purified water because water in
itself if you look through ancient
history also is a conductor for the body
just like anything else in our life. So,
they programmed this water and then
basically you ingest it twice a day,
morning and evening. There's [snorts] no
medications. They didn't have to cut me
open. They didn't have to do any of
that. And everything that they scanned
me of was resolved.
Can I speak to these people?
I can get you in touch with these
people. Yes. [laughter] It's only word
of mouth. So, don't put their
information out if they've agreed to it.
But they'll ask you questions and they
will basically,
you know, they want to know who you are
first to kind of which if you you're
Jesse Michaels, everybody knows who you
are in this and I'm sure they do too.
So, um, with my dog, like I said, they,
my dad took him to the vet because I
gave him to my dad when I was competing
because I had a full-time job and then
having to train for a show, which took
about four to five hours a day on top of
a 12, 13 hour job, which is not fair to
my dog. So, I gave him to my dad. So, my
dad took him to the vet and they said
that he had a bladder mass and it was
looking like cancer. So, they're like,
"Yeah, you got to go to a a um
oncologist to figure out what it is." He
didn't want to do that. So I told my
dad, I said, "Hey, this is going to
sound [__] nuts, but hear me out." So
I explained a little bit to him, at
least what he understands, and um so I
got in touch with these people and said,
"Hey, dog's not looking too good. Can
you guys do anything with animals?" And
they said, "Yes, they can do cats and
dogs right now and humans." They're
trying to do other, you know, like
bovine, for example, or horses is
something they may be able to do at some
point because they're always refining.
And I don't know how they do this. So
they told me to take a my I told my dad
send me a picture of his face, you know,
as of a re very recent photo. So I did
that. My dad had told me within a matter
of weeks because I started giving him
this other stuff that they have which is
like a blue is like a nano blue for
example. So what this blue stuff does is
that you ingest it and it starts to
basically kill all the bacteria and
viruses inside your body. So it makes it
easier for this treatment to take a to
take effect as well.
So I told my dad, I said, "Yeah, give
him one ml in the morning every day and
then they're going to do the
treatments." So they did about four or
five treatments on him. Said he wasn't
looking too good, but then they started
doing the more treatments and with this
blue and
he was when he would urinate it was very
small because his bladder was taken out.
Now he'll sit there forever just trying
to get everything out.
Wow. There was no surgery involved. Like
I said, he had cloudy eyes because he's
getting old. They got rid of all that.
He's like a puppy again. And his
appetite is still the same. You know, he
was some days he wasn't feeling too good
where he was didn't want to move. I
mean, cuz he's 13, 14 years old almost.
Now it's a different story in knowing
that this exists. What my my grand my
grandma was basically like my mom to me
and she raised me. She ended up dying
from pancreatic cancer. there was a
stage where when they found it,
if I could if I would have known about
this, then somebody like her I could
have had helped and they could have done
something about it. Now granted,
talking about curing cancer is very iffy
and it also depends on obviously what
side of the fence you sit on. I know
from my experience with what it did for
me and what it did for my dog completely
cured us. M
I do not doubt that this would be
something that could help people that
are literally losing their lives over
illnesses.
And the reason for not putting this out
super publicly like right now is the
dual use implications.
Dual use, but also the FDA. If this
technology exists and with these people,
it could really be profound and change
this. But you have big pharma that's
more interested in getting this money.
And that's the thing that upset me with
COVID because obviously per diagnosis
these doctors are getting somewhere from
16 to 30 grand per [__] diagnosis.
It's like yeah. So of course there's
incentive for you guys to literally mark
everything is co.
So anybody in the medical industry if
you're going to do the right thing start
thinking ethics. This is the problem
with this world today.
It's because of greed. It's because of
the incentives that people get and it's
because people want to be selfish about
it. And the overlap in financial
interest between big pharma and big food
is extremely high.
Well, that's why I want RFK to do what
he's doing.
I have the same. Well, I think the FDA
like, you know, governs both food and
drugs.
And on the food side, it's extremely
lazy, fair, and loose. And so, like, you
have all these like chemicals that are
allowed in our food, things like, you
know, glyphosate, you know, which are
probably autoimmune or cancer-causing.
They're like, it's like glyphosate is
very close to Agent Orange. It's just
horrible for you. And we have all these
things that are allowed in the US that
are banned in Europe.
And then so on that side, on the food
side, we're very lazy fair. And then on
the drug side, once people get extremely
sick and the big pharma companies are
profiting off of, you know, these
biochemical solutions for, you know,
whatever their ailments are, it's
extremely hard to get new drug
innovation or anything passed through
the FDA. So like this side is then super
strict when you should be throwing the
Hail Mary because you're already really
sick. the the the restriction should be
very wide. It should actually be like
let's try let's try magnetic whatever
you know interference you know sound
healing whatever but then so you can't
pass anything by the FDA here and then
here everything goes to make you sick so
it's just completely perverse
well and that's the thing so if they're
working in hand in hand trying to make
more patients because guess what a
patient cured is a patient lost
yeah totally
they lose money off that so of course
they want to keep people sick
do do you guys think more whistleblowers
will come out and the consensus will
shift on this topic because it feels
like even shows like like podcasts like
you know Joe Rogan's which traditionally
have covered this stuff I think when it
was less
uh sort of like like less activity was
involved and it was like easier to make
sense of cuz there were a few kind of
hot button stories that you either had
you know an opinion on for or against
those like Bob Lazar or whatever and now
they're like I think extremely confused
they feel like the zone is being flooded
and like my basic understanding based on
the way he speaks on his podcast is He's
kind of like [laughter] suspicious of
like the whole
Well, he should he should be. I'm not
saying like, you know, every
whistleblower has got to be trusted. I
mean, there's people out there trying to
get rich. I get it. They're trying to
find a livelihood. If so be it, you're
going to be found out. Yeah.
But at the same time, yes, be skeptical.
What the thing with it, too, is that
these people really need to put egos
aside. This is part of the reason why we
have this problem. Everybody on Capitol
Hill thinks they know what the [__]
going on because they're senator so and
so, or they're the president or their
secretary of defense or all this. You
guys are removable ponds that are going
to have an expiration of your terms and
you're going to go living your normal
life and some other person is going to
step into your point. They're going to
do the same thing you're doing. So, it's
really just interchangeable people. This
is the reason why secrecy exists because
they would rather have people who are
permanently involved stay at that level
instead of just having somebody
interchanged, right? two or two or three
terms you're out or you know as a
president you're not going to know much
because you're going to literally just
go out and do whatever you're going to
do after becoming the president.
So who is if there's this sort of shadow
government visa v these UFO programs
who's the president of that or is it
somebody that nobody knows and is
somebody that has a hell of a bankroll
that nobody could ever understand or
imagine.
Okay.
And they probably more than likely do
not live in this country because if they
were smart they'd be somewhere else.
Do you have any
about it? He hypothesized somebody like
Dick Cheney.
Yeah. Well, he but he would be
top of the pyramid. Not
Yeah. No, but Dick Cheney would be the
representative of like something else.
It's It's going to be somebody that
nobody knows. That's never Nobody knows
their face. Nobody knows they even
exist. It won't be a politician.
I I would wager that maybe 10 to 20
total people in the world have the full
picture of you legacy program
and they got more funding than everybody
they could ever imagine. I I also
understand the Joe Rogan orientation
towards it because it's so the whole the
UAP thing is so weird. Yeah. You have on
the one hand like you know this sort of
like Tim Taylor NASA like the like all
this sort of like strange you know
summoning stuff around you know UFO or
sorry around rocketry like in the
history of rocketry and then you have
this other stuff of like you know uh
aerospace black aerospace and like
saucers and hangers and like nuts and
bolts propulsion updates that sort of
thing
and and then you have like what are the
NHI themselves and like the ontology
there and kind of the metaphysical
dimension of like Jacqu Valet and Diana
of like what we're dealing with and is
it spiritual and it's just extremely
confusing.
Yep. [laughter]
Well, and I mean it it could it be
intentionally provided as confused, you
know, or to bring confusion. So, I mean
that's kind of where we have to kind of
be very careful to navigate that.
You only know what you're exposed to.
And then again, whoever is exposed to
something could be fed misinformation to
say, "Hey, go ahead and say this. Thank
god I didn't have that problem." you
know, there was suspicion when Jake
approached me that I was like, "Okay,
maybe this might be the case."
But then he's very he's been very
transparent about his role,
you know, being a red team asset pretty
much to try to bump whistleblowers and
figure out who's got what and
and you are you're sure, you know, I've
I've got pretty good impression from him
in my interview, but you're sure he's
not still, you know, red teaming? Like I
as there's this moment in my interview
where I was like, "How do we know you're
not red teaming us right now?" Well, you
don't you don't know that. I'm You
really don't.
That was an honest answer.
Yeah. [laughter] You don't know that.
So, I And all I can do I expect to get
asked that a lot is like, you know, I'll
paraphrase a book from Matthew. I think
it is like you will know me by my
fruits.
Well, and there's what does he really
have to benefit from red teaming if he's
public?
He's out there. Mhm.
I mean, and then not only that, but he
Well, if I'm playing devil's advocate,
it could be, you know, controlled
opposition or, you know,
for what though?
I don't because he's trying to prove the
exist because he's trying to prove this.
This is real. That's his whole thing.
And he's helping he's trying to get
government institutions to help with
that.
Somebody's not going to
be in a disinformation campaign just to
have government involved and then just
to, you know, everybody's trying to
prove it's real. So is Jake, which we
all know it's real, but even the the
consensus of the planet,
I think if everybody understood it was
real, then they'd actually be the first
hurdle they can get over.
What do you guys think? And you know, I
think that's a very noble aim. What do
you guys think is like the disclosure
moment? Like because you think you you
would think that a guy saying I
retrieved a UFO would be the disclosure
moment but that you know I think a lot
of people like my my video on this guy
only has like a half million views and
there are like 350 million people in
this country and so you know
well it again it depends on what side of
the fence you sit on.
Some people need disclosure to be
something that they have to witness
firsthand.
Nothing wrong with that. Mhm.
There's some people that Yes. They can
take tidbit information that I've
provided to say, "Okay, yeah, reverse
engineered or something." For me, that
was disclosure.
Yeah. If I saw that thing humming,
that was that'd be it. Yeah. Yeah. I
would have trouble keeping a day job.
Like you have a you know, a couple
businesses like I'd be like I'd turn
into a fiend like trying to figure out.
That's why sometimes business gets
[__] boring and then you're like,
"Man, I wonder what's going on over
here."
Start trying to research into stuff.
I'd spend my the rest of my life trying
to take a ride on that thing.
[laughter]
I mean, if that ever happens, I'll be
like, "Jesse,
hit me up.
Don't say anything, [laughter] but let's
be me at this point."
I mean, [clears throat] you know, it
it's it's up in the air what our future
holds. It's it's up to us to create the
future.
That's really what it is. Do we want to
continue living on the past,
going the same kind of habits and
rituals that people do, or do we
actually want to evolve and actually be
a better person at the end of the day
and help change the world?
Disclosure is going to help change the
world and hopefully for the better. or
not something that's going to be taken
astray and weaponized somehow like it
already has been.
Yep. Yep. Is there something about So
it's the people with psionic assets when
Jake even said this on my show where
it's like, you know, their diets, their
uh sense of community. They're being
tapped into sort of, you know, they
don't live in this kind of materialist
reductionist framework where like this
stuff is actually more kind of second
nature to them.
Is there something about the land
itself? Like you think about places like
um you know Skinwalker Ranch, Tacoma,
Washington, Sedona. People just report
like weird stuff.
Well, some of the some of the first E5
stuff I've I've seen was in Sedona with
Greer's team. We were with Demi Lovado.
Uhhuh.
And uh her her
That's an absurd sentence.
Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I get I get
Demi Lovado to me to me. She was cool to
me, you know. She was cool to me, but
you know, she's she's had her troubles
just like we all have. So you can't
really hold her accountable for that.
That's her own thing.
But you know, it was it was cool to talk
to her and see what she's
she believes on this subject, you know,
and this this reaches everybody, you
know what I mean? So it's all walks of
life coming up to a certain point to
understand that we're acknowledging
something greater than ourselves,
you know. So
seeing the stuff that happened out there
was pretty wild.
What did happen out there with
saw orbs Steven? [laughter] So, we we
went to this I'm not going to name it
because you know, just in case she ever
goes back here, I don't want people
trying to like
Sure.
You know, I'm from what I understand,
she comes here routinely.
Okay.
But it was a it was a cool place.
Mhm.
In Sedona. And uh so we end up setting
up a circle in two different parts. One
was off-rid, one was at this place. And
uh so the first night we were there in
in this off-grid place just off of a
trail. Nobody knew we were the [__] out
there. And there was this is like 2:00
in the [__] morning, right? So I'm
sitting there [__] falling asleep.
Um, you know, and I'm having to, you
know, drive everybody and at least, you
know, unless Greer was doing that, but
most of the time I was driving us. So
we're sitting there and the way that we
are seated is everybody has a part of
the sky that they're looking at or the
surrounding area. So where I'm facing, I
see Greer, Demiy's friend is over here.
Demiy's like right her here. Um
Paula was she's some she's somebody in
the UFO field or something. She's some
author. I can't remember her name. Paula
Harris.
Yeah. Paula Harris. She wrote Trinity
book with Valle Italian.
She was there too. She's a good she's a
good lady. She actually lives where kind
of close to where we live.
Cool.
Um
she was there. Demiy's fiance was there
and then Demiy's good friend was there.
And then Demiy's mom was there who's
very sweet and very cool. She's very
short but she's a good lady. Both of you
know. So, we're sitting there, we're
seeing orbs, we're seeing, you know,
discshaped craft appear in and out.
Really
gold color.
Wow.
And then I don't know what the hell this
was. So, I was sitting there and then,
you know, obviously we're way apart from
each other.
Yeah.
Something just [__] slaps me on the
side of the on my side very hard.
It wasn't a [__] animal. It wasn't
any of them because I'm like observing
everything and they're saying shit's
happening behind me and I'm like, "Okay,
well, I can't see." But then I'm trying
to say over here to see if there's
anything coming on over here and
something hit me really hard on the
side.
And you don't know what it was.
I don't know what the [__] it was.
And was it Did it correlate with a UFO
sighting?
I don't Yeah, they were saying that
there stuff was behind me and [__] but
then all of a sudden it sometimes just
like hard.
They were saying stuff was behind you.
Like what was behind you? Orbs? orbs,
shapes, blue and white color, stuff like
that.
And you just felt something not
I just felt something literally just
like this, like harder than that on my
side. And it [__] jumped. I'm like,
what the [__] was that?
Holy [__]
So, I don't know what it was.
What do What do you say to the people
that say Greer is like, I don't know,
holographically like displaying stuff.
Oh, if if that's the case, sign the [__]
up and pay the money because this guy I
mean, he
this is what he dedicates his life to.
He gave up his medical career to do this
kind of stuff. So, yes. Does he need to
have provide a living? I'm pretty sure
everybody watching the show, if they're
interested in UFOs, they're not going to
do it for free when they got bills to
pay and the families to pay.
But is he is he faking any of these?
He's not faking this [__] at all. Okay.
There's people say, "Oh, you know how
many op-eds are against Greer publicly
to, you know, say that this stuff isn't
real that are a part of these programs
trying to say it's not."
Yeah. Interesting. With any other final
things or what you want to add? Yeah.
Well, you know, and it's just, you know,
I want people to keep an open mind, but
I want people to understand that,
you know, yeah, whatever side of the
field you're going to be on, just
understand that we're trying to get
something done here, and it's going to
happen with or without everybody.
Mhm.
If they want to help and support and
great. If not, stay the [__] out of our
way. We'll handle it ourselves like
we've been doing.
Mhm.
Anything?
I don't think so. Okay, Michael, this is
an honor, man. Appreciate you taking the
time. This is a blast.